MoonCards:
Moon
Ghost Fragment: Moon
The Ocean of Storms
Ghost Fragment: The Ocean of Storms
Card: Moon , Points: 5
"We once looked to the Moon and saw hope. Now we see only the power of the Darkness."
Earth's Moon was where we first faced the terror of the Hive, and it soon became the battlefield of a
great war one
we did not win. In the years since, the Hive have ripped the Moon's surface apart,
opening chasms that swarm with terrors.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Moon , Points: 5
Dreams of Alpha Lupi
The best voices voices
that truly matter never
allow themselves be heard. This lesson is worth
learning again and again.
Forever.
Your voice moves as a whisper, murmuring inside larger winds. Only the trusted few can absorb what
is necessary. Wise and sly and perfect, your instructions drop, leaving nothing but the hard sweet
rime of enlightenment.
The path is set. Your voice is unleashed.
Card: The Ocean of Storms , Points: 5
唯恐瓊樓玉宇，
高處不勝寒。
起舞弄清影，
何似在人間。
The support base centered here marks what most believe was the first offEarth
colony.
It was here that we came facetoface
with Crota and his legions, a force so powerful we abandoned
the Moon. Now, Hive temples breach the surface, entrances into the vast necropolis below, and
Guardians venture into the depths to seek revenge most
never to return.
Card: Ghost Fragment: The Ocean of Storms , Points: 5
BY ORDER OF THE CITY CONSENSUS AND THE GUARDIAN VANGUARD
ALL SHIPS IMMEDIATE/REPEAT AND RELAY
We hereby terminate all organized combat operations on or around Earth's Moon.
Effective immediately we declare the existence of an interdiction on the Moon and cisLunar
space.
Guardians operating in this interdict will receive no formal support from the Vanguard or from assets
of the City. We urge Guardians to exhibit the greatest care and consideration in approaching the
interdicted space.
We furthermore derogate all strategic objectives concerned with the recovery of assets or information
from the Lunar surface, and, without exemption, cancel in whole and in all its parts the effort to
establish a beachhead and strategic presence upon the Moon.
This interdict will remain in effect until such time as the hostile presence on the Moon poses a
demonstrable existential threat, or until intelligence is obtained that leads to the defeat of the enemy
leadership elements recently encountered.
Guardians with an accurate assessment of losses in the recent days, or with intelligence on the
nature and method of hostile resistance, should report to the Vanguard immediately for debriefing.
