VenusCards:
Venus
Ghost Fragment: Venus
Ishtar Sink
Ghost Fragment: Ishtar Sink
Card: Venus , Points: 5
Venus has been reclaimed by the jungle. Dragonflies flit through ruined academies and abandoned
dig sites. Volcanoes smolder. Here and there a line of light marks where ancient Vex spires, thought
longdead,
have once more been energized.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Venus , Points: 5
Dreams of Alpha Lupi
You see history hidden between the barren rocks and within the high acid clouds. You see the ruin
ready to claim its birthright.
Sunlight starves. The fierceness chills and thins and runs sweet. A new ocean emerges, thick and
salty and hot, from springs and geysers that drench the dead ground.
You wonder: will this world's second birth be its finest?
Card: Ishtar Sink , Points: 5
The Ishtar Sink region looms large in our surviving knowledge of Venus. Guardians come hunting the
ruins of the legendary Ishtar Collective, a sprawling Golden Age scientific project. But the ancient
ruins that brought the Collective to the Sink have awakened again.
We aren't the only ones interested in the Collective. The Fallen House of Winter has hurled its assets
into pillaging the ruins, hunting for some advantage whether
from the Golden Age, or forgotten times
beyond. The House of Winter's presence includes constant Skiff overflights in support of ground
teams and hints of an improvised command post or staging area in the volcanic Cinders.
The situation is degrading into a race against time. We must claim the Collective's ruins for our own and
hope they will warn us what other threats now rise from Venus' acid seas and ancient stone.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Ishtar Sink , Points: 5
The box appears to be copper.
The red lid is dented, one hinge shattered.
Inside waits a small quantity of the finest, driest powder, more brown than gray, more blue than
green.
The greatest minds in creation make quick work of the material. The powder is weighed by the grain,
and studied close, and remembered. One hundred billion bits of nearnothing
reside inside the copper
box, all of them tiny and nearly spherical, all etched with the outlines of continents and islands and
icecaps. Each sphere represents a planet, and some of these tiny globes match known worlds.
There is one Earth and one Mars and a Venus too.
The box holds renderings of every habitable world in the galaxy.
One of them offers a simple explanation:
"The box is a message. The message is the minuscule nature of the box's cargo. It's the image of one
hundred billion worlds barely filling two hands."
But if so, who is delivering this message? What vastness do they wish to impress on us? Is it a
warning, or an invitation, or a taunt?
