Collections:
Story: Earth, Old Russia
Story: Moon, Ocean of Storms
Story: Venus, Ishtar Sink
Story: Mars, Meridian Bay
Strikes
Raids
Crucible Playlists
Crucible Arenas
Other Activities
Collection: Story: Earth, Old Russia
Cards:
Story Activity Introduction
A Guardian Rises
Restoration
The Dark Within
The Warmind
The Last Array
Card: Story Activity Introduction , Points: 0
You are a Guardian. You choose your own path.
Before you lie the worlds of our broken past, overrun by nature, claimed by Darkness and alien intent.
There are secrets to uncover, alliances to forge, and implacable foes to vanquish.
What will your legend say?
Card: A Guardian Rises , Points: 5
And so you rise again. Who you were before or how you ended up at the wall of an Old Russian
spaceport is a story for another time. You have been chosen by the Traveler as one of our Guardians,
gifted with the power to wield its Light in the coming battles of a timeless war. Trust this Ghost. It will
guide you on your path.
Card: Restoration , Points: 5
"Taking down an Archon is no easy task. With the master of the Fallen servitors gone, the House of
Devils will scramble to protect their Prime Servitor. And securing an NLS Drive will let you join the
fight beyond Earth. Mind the Speaker's wise words. I believe he speaks for the Traveler." Commander
Zavala
Card: The Dark Within , Points: 5
"We always feared the Hive would rise again, harbingers of the Darkness to come. Their presence on
Earth demands that we strike their strongholds on the Moon, the last place we faced them. A lot of
Guardians never come back, especially the new. Are you new? Oh. Well! I'm sure you'll make it." Cayde6
Card: The Warmind , Points: 5
"They say the Warminds were a legend, even in their own time. Now we know Rasputin lives. Your
discovery is priceless, Guardian. Nothing in the Cosmodrome is more important." Ikora
Rey
Card: The Last Array , Points: 10
"The Terrestrial Array was Dead Orbit's hope to reconnect to the lost colonies of our inner system.
You succeeded where they failed. Though Rasputin seized control of the Array, that only strengthens
our resolve to break the old Warmind's firewalls and enlist its help in the wars to come. We must
reach Rasputin, and make our case." Commander
Zavala
Collection: Story: Moon, Ocean of Storms
Cards:
The Dark Beyond
The World's Grave
The Sword of Crota
Chamber of Night
Shrine of Oryx
Card: The Dark Beyond , Points: 5
"Your foray into the Hive fortress marks the beginning of our next battle against an ancient foe. After
centuries of silence, they have turned their will against Earth. We must be ready for this war." The
Speaker
Card: The World's Grave , Points: 5
"At long last we have a chance to learn the Hive's ultimate goals. The Cryptarchs are in a frenzy,
working day and night to decipher what you stole from the World's Grave." Ikora
Rey
Card: The Sword of Crota , Points: 5
"The Swarm Princes are dead, and the Sword of Crota is gone. Though many still believe Crota's
return is inevitable, that thousands of weapons will be forged in His name, I have faith that we are
now one step closer to ending the Hive's reign over the Moon." Master
Rahool
Card: Chamber of Night , Points: 5
"Your discovery is perhaps the greatest of our time. If the Hive were able to infect the Traveler
through this longlost
shard of its battered shell, UlanTan's
theory may be true all
Light remains
connected, across space and time. We cannot let our enemies use this power against us." Ikora
Rey
Card: Shrine of Oryx , Points: 10
"Though Osiris has vanished, his prophecies and parables offer undeniable insight. Even in his time
among the Vanguard he spoke with fear of the King named Oryx. His Eyes still hunt for the Shrines. If
Osiris lives, he will know that you struck a blow against one." Master
Rahool
Collection: Story: Venus, Ishtar Sink
Cards:
A Stranger's Call
Ishtar Collective
The Archive
Scourge of Winter
Eye of a Gate Lord
Card: A Stranger's Call , Points: 5
"The Ishtar Collective studied the Vex with all the instruments and power of the Golden Age. And we
must understand the Vex if we are to survive. There are tales of the Black Garden and the Darkness
that lives at its heart. If this is where the Vex are born, then finding it is of the utmost importance." The
Speaker
Card: Ishtar Collective , Points: 5
"The Vex have us all worried. Terrible things are stirring beneath Venus, but what you've discovered
gives us hope that we can stop them. Just be careful when you make deals with the Awoken, would
you? The Queen always collects." Cayde6
Card: The Archive , Points: 5
"The Cryptarchs are overjoyed, Guardian. An entire hidden Archive full of Vex research. Even
chronicles of the legendary Vault of Glass. Perhaps this will finally help us crack its riddles." Master
Rahool
Card: Scourge of Winter , Points: 5
"I will admit to a very personal satisfaction at the death of Draksis. He hurt my City and he hurt my
friends. Few Guardians have ever assaulted a Kell in the throne room of his own Ketch. The entire
Tower is abuzz at the chance to explore this downed Wintership, but more important, we've removed
another Fallen nightmare from our worlds. We thank you, Guardian." Commander
Zavala
Card: Eye of a Gate Lord , Points: 10
"While defeat of any champion of the Dark is cause for celebration, be leery of the promises of the
Queen. The Awoken play both sides of this battle, and a debt to her is potentially ruinous. But if it gets
you into the Black Garden, you have the City's full support." The
Speaker
Collection: Story: Mars, Meridian Bay
Cards:
Exclusion Zone
The Buried City
The Garden's Spire
A Rising Tide
The Black Garden
Card: Exclusion Zone , Points: 5
"Breaking the Exclusion Zone brings us one step closer to the Garden and
it gives us access to
Freehold, a triumph of Golden Age civilization. But I must warn you again of the Awoken's tactics.
They see us all as playthings in some cosmic joke." The
Speaker
Card: The Buried City , Points: 5
"I wish I could walk the halls of Clovis Bray. Losing their machines to Rasputin is unfortunate, but we
still have access to so much we thought we'd lost. This is the dawn of a new era for us." Master
Rahool
Card: The Garden's Spire , Points: 5
"No one's ever penetrated the Blind Legion perimeter and made it into that Warbase. Until now. I'm
going to tell everyone you took out an admiral and seized the Spire, and they won't believe me, and
then I will win so very many bets. Speaking of, I have a thousand Glimmer down on your death in the
Black Garden. Nothing personal!" Cayde6
Card: A Rising Tide , Points: 10
"Of all the tactics we have to use against the Vex, shutting down their gates may be the most
effective. You may have saved Freehold from being overrun. I sense a pattern here a
connection
between this Vex outbreak, the Black Garden, and the Vault of Glass...I need to know more." Ikora
Rey
Card: The Black Garden , Points: 15
"At last, the Heart of the Garden has been destroyed, its stranglehold on the Traveler released. Our
Light brightens. But the power of the Vex is not broken. Look into the Vault, Guardian, for it is said to
hold powers the Progeny were meant to bring forth." The
Speaker
Collection: Strikes
Cards:
Strikes Introduction
Dust Palace
The Summoning Pits
The Nexus
Devils' Lair
Cerberus Vae III
Winter's Run
Weekly Strike Challenges Introduction
Card: Strikes Introduction , Points: 0
"There are threats that must be faced with unfettered aggression. Are you ready?"
Our enemies hide among our lost worlds, plotting to ensure our extinction. But the Vanguard keeps a
vigilant watch on places where the creatures of the Darkness grow strongest, and seeks Guardians
bold enough to join forces to face them.
Card: Dust Palace , Points: 0
"The Dust Palace is lost to us again. Back in Cabal hands. Word is they've let Psion Flayers out of
their cages, to dig around in the Central AI's Cortex. Which means they really want what's buried in
there. If Rasputin was protecting it, it's valuable. We've got to flush those Flayers out." Cayde6
Card: The Summoning Pits , Points: 5
"Something dark stirs in the depths of the Hellmouth. We can feel it. A Hive abomination bred for
unthinkable evil. We must pierce the veil of their Summoning Pits and destroy this creature...before
the Hive unleash it upon us all." Ikora
Rey
Card: The Nexus , Points: 5
"Far below the Ishtar Academy, the Vex have set something in motion, a worldeating
machine
transforming Venus into another link in their intergalactic chain. This Nexus must be stopped and the
Mind that controls it, destroyed." Ikora
Rey
Card: Devils' Lair , Points: 5
"The Fallen will continue to claw at the walls of our City, unless we strike them down. Beneath the
ruins of the Cosmodrome, in the shadow of an old colony ship, we've located the House of Devils' Lair
and
the High Servitor feeding them their strength. We must destroy this machine god...and send
their souls screaming back to hell." Commander
Zavala
Card: Cerberus Vae III , Points: 5
"Whether we wanted it or not, we've stepped into a war with the Cabal on Mars. So let's get to taking
out their command, one by one. Valus Ta'aurc. From what I can gather he commands the Siege
Dancers from an Imperial Land Tank outside of Rubicon. He's well protected, but with the right team,
we can punch through those defenses, take this beast out, and break their grip on Freehold." Commander
Zavala
Card: Winter's Run , Points: 5
"Those Fallen in the Ishtar Sink on Venus...story is they raided the Prison of Elders in the Reef. Got
an Archon Priest. The Queen's bounty is high so we know it's powerful. We need to hunt this thing
down before they fully restore its soul." Cayde6
Card: Weekly Strike Challenges Introduction , Points: 0
Our enemies thrive among the Darkness, and where it gathers the Light will face great challenges.
Expect to face the enemy's elite under shifting, dangerous conditions.
Collection: Raids
Cards:
Raids Introduction
Vault of Glass
Relic: The Aegis
Card: Raids Introduction , Points: 0
Some evils you cannot fight alone. Join with other brave Guardians to quest deep into the heart of
Darkness and confront threats beyond imagination.
Steel yourself. You will be tested to the very edge of your strength.
Card: Vault of Glass , Points: 5
His name was Kabr. He wasn't my friend but I knew and respected him as a Guardian and a good
man.
He fought the Vex alone. This destroyed him. In the time before he vanished he said things that I
think should be remembered. These are some of them:
"In the Vault time frays and a needle moves through it. The needle is the will of Atheon. I do not know
the name of the shape that comes after the needle.
No one can open the Vault alone. I opened the Vault. There was no one with me but I was not alone.
You will meet the Templar in a place that is a time before or after stars. The stars will move around
you and mark you and sing to you. They will decide if you are real.
I drank of them. It tasted like the sea."
That is all I can remember.
Pahanin
Card: Relic: The Aegis , Points: 5
These are the last words of Kabr, the Legionless:
I have destroyed myself to do this. They have taken my Ghost. They are in my blood and brain. But
now there is hope.
I have made a wound in the Vault. I have pierced it and let in the Light. Bathe in it, and be cleansed.
Look to it, and understand:
From my own Light and from the thinking flesh of the Vex I made a shield. The shield is your
deliverance. It will break the unbreakable. It will change your fate.
Bind yourself to the shield. Bind yourself to me. And if you abandon your purpose, let the Vault
consume you, as it consumed me.
Now it is done. If I speak again, I am not Kabr.
Collection: Crucible Playlists
Cards:
Crucible Introduction
Control
Clash
Rumble
Skirmish
Salvage
Combined Arms
Crucible Tournaments
Card: Crucible Introduction , Points: 0
"You wanna live? You're gonna have to prove it."
The Crucible is a series of grueling challenges that pit Guardians against one another in open
combat. Crucible combat is livefire,
with Ghosts standing by to save the dead.
Whether alone or with a Fireteam, Guardians enter the Crucible to hone vital survival skills, build their
own reputations, and win the patronage of City factions. Most importantly, the Crucible allows
Guardians to train against formidable adversaries without fear of disaster.
Card: Control , Points: 5
"Capture and defend, Guardians!"
6v6. Fight for control of strategic battle zones. Hold your ground to gain the momentum.
Seize control of key locations. The more zones you hold, the more points each kill will be worth.
Card: Clash , Points: 5
"Engage and execute all targets!"
6v6. Form an alliance and fight for supremacy across the ruins of our old worlds.
Pure combat. Two teams. Engage and eliminate your enemy utilizing teamwork and skill. In victory or
defeat, all Guardians who brave the Crucible will be better prepared for the dangers beyond the City.
Card: Rumble , Points: 5
"Watch your back, Guardian. No one else will."
You against all. Hone your Light by challenging your fellow Guardians in a fight for survival.
Rumble is a freeforall
fight for dominance. You have no friends here. There will be no mercy.
Challenge the strong and prey on the weak.
Card: Skirmish , Points: 5
"Stick together, team!"
3v3. A focused engagement between two fireteams. Teamwork is your greatest weapon.
Small scale tactical combat. Revive teammates to get them back in the fight, but be wary: you might
just be feeding the enemy kills.
Card: Salvage , Points: 5
"Secure the relics! But expect heavy resistance."
3v3. Secure and defend the Relics to claim the secrets of our past.
Golden Age mysteries litter our old worlds. Scour the battlefield for the relics, lock them down, and
keep the other team from contesting your claim.
Card: Combined Arms , Points: 5
"Honor is earned, not given. So earn it."
6v6. Coordinate vehicles and your ground game to control the battlefield and rout your opponents.
This is war. Guardians face off in largescale
combat across harsh terrain with vehicles in play.
Card: Crucible Tournaments , Points: 5
"Only the brave and the strong are worthy of this test."
On occasion, the Crucible will call upon those Guardians who have proven themselves to face
challenges greater than any they can imagine.
Grueling tests of strength, skill and Light, these tournaments offer the chance to cement your legend,
by defeating the best of the best.
Collection: Crucible Arenas
Cards:
The Burning Shrine
Shores of Time
Asylum
Twilight Gap
The Rusted Lands
Exodus Blue
The Anomaly
First Light
Firebase Delphi
Bastion
Blind Watch
Card: The Burning Shrine , Points: 5
"They do not simply invade new worlds, they infect them remaking
them in their image, until
only Vex remain."
ARENA DESIGNATION: The Burning Shrine
LOCATION: Fields of Glass, Mercury
This clockwork impossibility is but one small conduit in a vast network, extending throughout the dead
planet's core.
The unknown energies and complex mechanics of the Shrine have been studied and mapped by the
curious, yet its purpose remains a mystery. The only truth that can be agreed upon is that the
structure is intimately tied to the past, and future, of one of our greatest enemies the
Vex.
The Shrine has been claimed as a battleground for the Crucible in an effort to familiarize Guardians
with both Vex architecture and the otherworldly energies that signal their presence. Having a constant
flow of combatready
Guardians on hand should the Shrine ever achieve a higher functionality is
simply a strategic byproduct of the Crucible's presence.
Card: Shores of Time , Points: 5
"All power is humbled when weighed against the eternal tide."
ARENA DESIGNATION: Shores of Time
LOCATION: Maat Mons, Venus
The sulfur caves along the Shores of Time are now too unstable to be an effective base of operations
for the Vex, but they suit the purposes of the Crucible just fine.
The region, which also houses the remains of one of the Ishtar Collective's many research stations, is
a mix of geological chaos and the structured intent of ancient Vex machinery. The contrast between
jagged, boiling terrain and the measured purpose of each Vex surface creates a unique battlefield one
where the planet itself seems to have risen up in defiance of the Vex intrusion.
Card: Asylum , Points: 5
"There used to be life here. Now it's just overgrowth."
ARENA DESIGNATION: Asylum
LOCATION: Ishtar Sink, Venus
Before the Collapse, this would've been just another stop on the subway line between Clovis Bray's
Venus arcology headquarters and the Academy campus by the shore. Now, it's a grim reminder of the
lives, the dreams, and the progress we lost when the Darkness came. For the Guardians of the
Crucible, it's a place to sharpen their blades in the shadow of the Vex, an enemy who knows no such
sentimentality.
Card: Twilight Gap , Points: 5
"Here we fight, for the memory of those who stood. Here we die, for the glory of the Light that
never fades."
ARENA DESIGNATION: Twilight Gap
LOCATION: City Perimeter, Earth
Named for the City's greatest battle, this defensive battery once held the front line against the
combined might of the Fallen Houses. Overrun during the course of the invasion, many Guardians
lost their lives to hold the line.
That the Crucible now claims this hallowed ground is seen as a privilege a
rite of passage, as new
generations of Guardians stand and fight where the brave fell, heroes rose, and legends were born.
Card: The Rusted Lands , Points: 5
"The scars of our collapse mark the land. Reminders that all is fragile in the face of time."
ARENA DESIGNATION: The Rusted Lands
LOCATION: Eastern Flood Zone, Earth
"The Hive never leaves the Moon." This is dogma a
way to soothe frightened children and reassure
wary Guardians.
Not so long ago, a wandering Hunter and her Fireteam stumbled onto a feral community in the
Eastern Flood Zone. The gaunt survivors huddled in these bombedout
ruins spoke of a terrible
presence and begged for protection. No selfrespecting
Guardian could refuse.
As night fell, the Guardians found themselves the hunted stalked
through the ruins by shapes of
bone and shadow. The discovery of a Hive Seeder made the truth plain. Mankind's ancient enemy
had come to Earth.
The final confrontation came in the shadow of the Seeder, as a Hive Wizard and her Knights rose to
challenge the Guardians. Only one Guardian returned to the City, her knife painted in black ash, a
trail of grateful survivors in tow.
Now, in the chilling shadows of the Hive's pods, Guardians hone their skills in hopes that they may
one day live up to the heroes of the Rusted Lands.
Card: Exodus Blue , Points: 0
"In the shadows of all that we were, we fight for all we can be."
ARENA DESIGNATION: Exodus Blue
LOCATION: Cosmodrome, Earth
Grimly referred to as "The Graveyard," Exodus Blue was only recently secured for Crucible combat.
Located among the ruins of one of the Cosmodrome's colony ship gantries, this site is a memorial to
the grief and horror of the Collapse. Thousands died here in a lastditch
effort to outrun the oncoming
Darkness.
But it is also a sign of hope. Once the Cosmodrome is secure, the great colony ships may fly again.
And this location was chosen specifically to send a message to the Fallen House of Devils "
You may
be picking at the bones of our history, but we are still here, and we are still strong."
Card: The Anomaly , Points: 5
"Our greatest enemy is the unknown."
ARENA DESIGNATION: Anomaly
LOCATION: Mare Cognitum, Earth's Moon
Documents recovered onsite
listed this research station only as "K1", although the location was hard
to keep secret, given the intense electromagnetic fluctuations emanating from what City scholars
have come to know as the Anomaly. Attempts to scan the Anomaly itself have proven futile, as the
casing is constructed in a manner that defies modern techniques.
Reports suggest that those who spent time in proximity to the Anomaly reported symptoms of
insomnia, some so severe they required hospitalization. It was the City's recommendation that only
remote sensing equipment be used until such time that a full review of the existing data could be
completed.
In the meantime, stewardship of the facility was handed over to the Guardians in order to maintain a
watch against the Hive forces that will inevitably come in search of this mysterious power.
Card: First Light , Points: 5
"The Earth shines so bright from here."
ARENA DESIGNATION: First Light
LOCATION: Mare Cognitum, Earth's Moon
What was once an unassuming exobotany laboratory complex turned into ringside seats to the end of
the world during the Collapse. Immense fissures in the Moon's crust spew a sickly yellow miasma,
and hint at the utter destruction going on deep beneath the surface. Whatever the Hive are up to,
they've been at it a long time, and they're not overly concerned with keeping Luna in one piece.
Card: Firebase Delphi , Points: 5
"It's empty for now like
a ghost town. But for how long...and why?"
ARENA DESIGNATION: Firebase Delphi
LOCATION: Eos Chasma, Mars
When the Cabal decide to hold an area, they dig in deep. It's surprising, then, that the tunnel system
at Firebase Delphi is woefully incomplete by Sand Eater standards. One theory is that it was built
simply to be inspected, to satisfy some commander's lack of progress on another front. Perhaps the
Cabal simply cut their losses once they realized that the location of the base was suboptimal,
although halfmeasures
are really not something they're known for. We're talking about a culture that
will grind a mountain to dust rather than build around it.
Card: Bastion , Points: 5
"There's no telling the scale of devastation hidden beneath these red sands."
ARENA DESIGNATION: Bastion
LOCATION: Meridian Bay, Mars
Thick, rugged terrain masks one of the largest Vex structures on Mars, leaving this imposing gate as
the only conventional entrance. With the Cabal's interest in Vex activity, it was a matter of when, not
if, they would set their sights here.
The Cabal deployed a massive ground and air offensive to breach the wall and enter the
subterranean labyrinth. We don't know what the Vex deployed in defense, but we know this: the
Cabal didn't make it very far.
The Vex have since mysteriously vanished from this region, giving the Crucible one of its largest
arenas in the solar system. The Cabal, on the other hand, still prefer to keep their distance.
Card: Blind Watch , Points: 5
"Dry as the bones you'll break."
ARENA DESIGNATION: The Blind Watch
LOCATION: Meridian Bay, Mars
The Blind Watch was once a clandestine Guardian outpost on the outskirts of Freehold, used to
monitor Cabal activity in and around the Buried City. After the Cabal consolidated their forces nearer
their fortified Exclusion Zone, the site was reclaimed by the Crucible as a combat training ground.
Resting atop an old Clovis Bray science facility, the Blind Watch allows Guardians to acclimate to the
harsh Martian environment, while maintaining a combat ready presence should the Cabal ever begin
to mobilize.
Collection: Other Activities
Cards:
Patrols Introduction
Public Events Introduction
Card: Patrols Introduction , Points: 0
"These are our worlds...Take them back. Inch by inch. Bullet by bullet."
Some Guardians roam the wastelands in search of adventure. For decades they have placed
beacons across the frontier, so that our allies in the Tower can transmit requests to those out in the
wilds.
There are ancient mysteries buried in the ruins, great treasures of our Golden Age to seek. There are
fearsome enemies to be slaughtered, their secrets and technology to be brought home and studied.
Only Guardians can push through the Darkness to reach these contested areas, and this makes their
particular expertise very valuable to those bound by the City's walls.
Card: Public Events Introduction , Points: 0
"Trust me. You can't do this alone."
Our enemies never rest. If the City is to reclaim its lost worlds, Guardians must band together to stop
our foes from completing their objectives.
The City trusts its Guardians to assess the situation whether
a Fallen extraction crew, a Cabal
demolition team, a Hive ritual, a mysterious Vex behavior, or something stranger yet and
engage or
retreat as you see fit. Every battle won is another victory against the Darkness. But our foes will send
their strongest, and they may be too much to overcome alone.
Guardians who band together will survive to tell stories of their triumph. Watch the skies. When the
enemy moves, look to the Guardians beside you, comrades and strangers alike.