Theme: Allies
Theme: Allies
Collections:
The Traveler
Tower Allies
City Factions
The Exo Stranger
The Queen
Legends & Mysteries
Collection: The Traveler
Cards:
The Traveler
Ghost Fragment: The Traveler
Ghost Fragment: The Traveler 2
Ghost Fragment: The Traveler 3
Card: The Traveler , Points: 0
Everything changed with the coming of the Traveler.
It gave us gifts that transformed the solar system and the nature of human life. It ushered in the
Golden Age, a time of miracles. But it never shared its deepest secrets.
Where did the Traveler come from? Why did it offer us so much? Did it know it was being hunted
across the stars? And why, when the Darkness came, did it choose to stay and fight for us?
Now the Traveler hangs, silent, above humanity's final sanctuary. It may be healing. It may be dying.
It gave everything it had to save us. And now its power lies with us, its Guardians.
Card: Ghost Fragment: The Traveler , Points: 5
Dreams of Alpha Lupi
You have lived as invisibly as possible, flicking from solar system to solar system, making grand
plans, overseeing the culturing of civilizations, before leaving in a blink. But you have no recollection
of ever wanting worship or even thanks from those blessed by you.
But memory is heavy now.
It feels like lead and neutronium and electroweak matter fashioned into a moonsized
ball that you
must carry as you move.
Now, your flight is rapid, your vast mind infected with such dread and toxic doubt that you find
yourself afraid of the simple act of thought.
And it is your children you must turn to now, in time of need.
Card: Ghost Fragment: The Traveler 2 , Points: 5
Dreams of Alpha Lupi
This has been such a long chase. This will be the place you will fight. Fight and win.
But do you really know why you go where you go, and where this journey is taking you?
The chase leads you where you need to be, you believe.
Unless...you are being pushed.
Card: Ghost Fragment: The Traveler 3 , Points: 10
Dreams of Alpha Lupi
The knife had a million blades.
And you were giant, powerful and swift. But the knife pinned you. Cut your godly flesh away.
Very little was left, you are sure, because you feel insignificant now. The hard slick heart of your soul:
That is what remains. A body small as a river stone, and just as simple. You picture yourself as a
piece of indigestible grit, a nameless nothing hiding among other nameless stones. Perhaps you
glitter like a gem, yes. Pride makes you hope so. If only you could see yourself. But you have no
eyes. Not the dimmest sense survives. What lives is memory, and what slim portion of these thoughts
can you trust?
The knife stole much more than your body.
Collection: Tower Allies
Cards:
The Speaker
Titan Vanguard
Hunter Vanguard
Warlock Vanguard
Crucible Handler
Future War Cult Faction Rep
Dead Orbit Faction Rep
New Monarchy Faction Rep
Postmaster
Cryptarch
Special Orders
Guardian Outfitter
Shipwright
Gunsmith
Agent of the Nine
Iron Banner Rep
Queen's Emissary
Frames
Vanguard Quartermaster
Crucible Quartermaster
Bounty Tracker
Card: The Speaker , Points: 15
There has always been a Speaker, an anonymous high priest with a mysterious and powerful
connection to the Traveler and its Ghosts. In all the centuries of the City's history, the Speaker's great
work has never changed to
guide new Guardians, heal the Traveler, and raise our crippled protector
from its slumber.
Card: Titan Vanguard , Points: 0
Commander Zavala
"Bash≈ç knew. We struggle after." undated
battle notes
Zavala has never shied from hard decisions. His life bends under the double weight of honor and
duty, each act of service more exhausting, each victory more costly. Zavala continues anyway. He
has never had time for anything softer than iron.
Card: Hunter Vanguard , Points: 0
Cayde6
Cayde6
was a daring Hunter with a fast ship, a quick gun hand, and an eye on the legendary Vault of
Glass. Of course he couldn't say no to a challenge not
even the notorious Vanguard Dare.
He lost the bet, to his immense regret. Now, following in the footsteps of his fallen friend Andal Brask,
it is Cayde's turn to oversee his farflung
brethren as the Hunter Vanguard in the Tower. He works
dutifully, but longs for a chance to get back into the fight.
Card: Warlock Vanguard , Points: 0
Ikora Rey
Ikora Rey's second life has been long and colorful. As an iconoclastic new Guardian, she made a
reputation in the Crucible and in the halls of Warlock scholarship as an outspoken, unrelenting
opponent with no patience for dogma or etiquette.
That reputation became a burden, and Ikora chose to travel alone, flying reconnaissance across the
worlds of the inner solar system. Shot down again and again, she and her Ghost survived against all
odds, apparently preferring the wilderness to the company of her fellow Guardians.
When Ikora finally returned to the City to rest, her hardwon
knowledge and seasoned temperament
commanded the respect of her fellow Warlocks. She now serves in the Vanguard as a mentor and
leader, carrying the memory of her wandering days as a link to rising Guardians.
Card: Crucible Handler , Points: 0
Lord Shaxx
Lord Shaxx is one of the heroes of the Battle of the Twilight Gap, having led the counterattack that
pushed the Fallen from the City walls. Fearing that another fullscale
assault would be more than the
City could repel, Shaxx chose to stay in the City to mentor Guardians in the Crucible.
One day Shaxx vows to return to the war beyond the City, but only after he is confident the fires of the
Crucible have forged a new generation of warriors.
Card: Future War Cult Faction Rep , Points: 0
Lakshmi2
There is nothing Lakshmi2
likes more than secrets. Her origins are unknownÕæ her appearance in the
City was abrupt. She courts select Guardians for initiation into the higher mysteries of the Future War
Cult, espousing a brutal philosophy of endless struggle.
Those who can tolerate Lakshmi's mocking hints and bloodyminded
philosophy find her surprisingly
good company. She seems to take genuine joy in her work, as if the secrets she guards have taught
her to treasure every moment.
Card: Dead Orbit Faction Rep , Points: 0
Arach Jalaal
Jalaal is a man driven by the ghost of a dead future. Critics accuse Dead Orbit of nihilistic fatalism and
Jalaal would be the first to agree that Earth is lost, the City a fatal trap.
The Arachs have no time for sentiment. Only an alien miracle prevented human extinction during the
Collapse. Jalaal dreams of a diaspora to come humanity
ascendant, scattered across the stars, too
farflung
for any single threat to reach.
Jalaal's utilitarian practicality drives him to bend laws and break rules in the name of Dead Orbit's
great project. When the ultimate goal is human survival, any sacrifice can be justified.
Card: New Monarchy Faction Rep , Points: 0
Executor Hideo
An upstanding citizen, Hideo was once known for his lavish gifts to children and the elderly. Since he
moved from plasteel manufacturing to the New Monarchy, he has been less forthcoming about his
business and less free with his funds. But as one of the public faces of the Monarchy, he speaks with
genuine passion and conviction about the possibilities of a united future.
Card: Postmaster , Points: 0
Kadi 5530
Stationed in the Tower Plaza, Kadi 5530
welcomes Guardians home from the frontier, delivers urgent
messages, and tracks lost items.
Kadi has adopted a colloquial repartee with the Guardians who frequent the Tower. Whether this is
the function of intricate subprogramming
or a learned behavior is unknown.
Card: Cryptarch , Points: 0
Master Rahool
Master Rahool's insatiable curiosity drove him to the Tower, where, as resident cryptoarchaeologist,
he can work directly with Guardians returning from the frontier. He decrypts matter engrams as a free
service, and when he builds trust with a particular Guardian, he is happy to offer rare engrams for
sale although
the scarcity of these artifacts forces him to ask for Glimmer in compensation.
Rahool's true love is history. He treats each new find as a chance to understand the glory of the
Golden Age or the terrible truth of the Collapse. Listen carefully to his murmurings: he may be the first
to understand.
Card: Special Orders , Points: 0
Tess Everis
Tess earned her place in the Tower working as a troubleshooter a
fixer with a solution to any kind of
problem. Her connections go everywhere. It is difficult to make her speak about her monographs in
abstract algebra, or the string of peculiar jobs she's worked, but a word in her ear can open doors in
surprising places.
Card: Guardian Outfitter , Points: 0
Eva Levante
Eva Levante provided services to the Tower long before she actually took a place in it. Guardians
would call for her work again and again, looking for marks of distinction, both new and old, and she
began to craft emblems and shaders for the bold and discerning. These days she has set up shop in
the Tower, taking quiet pride in the Guardians who train, fight, and fall under her signs.
Card: Shipwright , Points: 0
Amanda Holliday
Born on the road, daughter of pilgrims, Holliday grew up fixing and scavenging maintaining
the
vehicles that saved her family from the wilderness. Her talent for engineering and her familiarity with
Golden Age relics made her a leader among the Tower's Shipwrights.
The terrors of Holliday's childhood galvanized her. She knows and respects the dangers that press
against the City's walls, and her drive to rebuild the City's aerospace capabilities is driven as much by
pragmatism as by her love of flight.
Card: Gunsmith , Points: 0
Banshee44
Few merchants of the Tower serve as vital a function as Banshee44.
His knowledge of weapons is
encyclopedic but
don't ask him where it comes from. Banshee's mind and body have absorbed
incredible punishment over the ages. He grapples with fragments of memory, the shrapnel of ancient
ordeals that return to haunt him.
Card: Agent of the Nine , Points: 0
X˚r
X˚r sells objects of legendary power. He accepts his own currency, in service of his own enigmatic
goals or
those of equally cryptic masters. Mysterious, too, is the nature of his presence in the Tower.
Does he have some arrangement with the Vanguard or the Speaker? Are there those among the
Guardian elite who understand X˚r's nature and ultimate purpose? Or have all efforts to control his
comings and goings simply failed?
Card: Iron Banner Rep , Points: 5
Lord Saladin
A hero to the City and a legend in his own right, Saladin Forge led the City's defense during the Battle
for the Twilight Gap. His protÈgÈs, Commander Zavala and Lord Shaxx, now lead the Tower's
Vanguard and the Crucible, respectively. Saladin remains close to Zavala, though his relationship
with Shaxx has been strained since the Twilight Gap.
The Iron Banner seeks great champions to lead the fight against the Darkness. It was born to honor
the Iron Lords and their efforts in the earliest days of the City.
Card: Queen's Emissary , Points: 5
Petra Venj
Petra is an operative of the Queen of the Reef. Though she has long made the Tower her home, it is
no secret where her allegiance lies.
Card: Frames , Points: 5
Frames are simple automata built in the City. Although not equipped with true general sentience, they
are nevertheless useful for cleaning, maintenance, and service tasks. Frames do have the ability to
learn, and many develop quirks of personality and behavior over long lifespans.
Card: Vanguard Quartermaster , Points: 0
Roni 5530
As trustworthy as frames come, Roni 5530
was designed to smooth troubled waters. Cayde has
spent long hours trying to evoke any hint of frustration in his distant machine cousin, but Roni remains
exquisitely composed.
Card: Crucible Quartermaster , Points: 0
Arcite 9940
"No discounts, big shot."
Arcite 9940
is the last of Lord Shaxx's personal combat frames. When he chose to remain in the City
to oversee the Crucible, Shaxx had Arcite's combat systems deactivated and rebooted with the
Tower's more civil vendor protocols.
Arcite's memory banks still remember the battles he has seen. This knowledge makes Arcite uniquely
qualified to equip Guardians for combat. His outward disdain for untested Guardians is a combination
of learned behavior a
byproduct of years in service to Lord Shaxx and
personal experience. His
systems may have been reprogrammed, but the love for combat still pulses within his circuitry.
Card: Bounty Tracker , Points: 0
Xander 9940
There are many threats beyond the City's walls. To help track and eliminate these dangers, the
Vanguard has initiated a bounty system to reward Guardians who take the fight to the City's enemies.
Lord Shaxx, not to be outdone, lays out his own bounties for performance in the Crucible.
Xander 9940,
a recent product of the City's foundries, tracks every Guardian's progress and
dispenses rewards.
Collection: City Factions
Cards:
Factions
Future War Cult
Ghost Fragment: Future War Cult
Dead Orbit
Ghost Fragment: Dead Orbit
New Monarchy
Ghost Fragment: New Monarchy
Card: Factions , Points: 5
"They've done more good than harm. By most calculations."
In the City's earliest days, various factions vied for the hearts and minds of the refugee masses.
Power struggles threatened to shatter an already tenuous existence.
The following conflicts, known as the Faction Wars, brought the City to its knees. When the chaos
grew intolerable, a gathering of Guardians fought to end the conflict. The new peace brought a new
order: the City Consensus and the Speaker ruled together, and the surviving great factions worked
through civil channels to pursue their agendas.
That order still holds, but as the City reaches out into the frontier, the factions see new opportunities
everywhere and
a chance to win over Guardians to their cause.
Card: Future War Cult , Points: 5
"There is no future but now. No truth but war."
While the origins of the Future War Cult are greatly debated, their mark has been found on ancient
chambers and encampments throughout the system, dating them back to the late Golden Age.
Though their secrets are vast, they have proven indispensable in our struggle against the Darkness,
earning them power and respect in the City Consensus and among Guardians.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Future War Cult , Points: 10
RECORD 343CHASM7887
Subject twentytwo.
Admitted to the Inner Circle at 24:00. A promising postulant I
regret to say he
performed poorly. He was administered the standard medication but refused to enter the Device.
Aren't people unpredictable? I suppose there'd be no point if they weren't, would there?
He knows to keep silent.
END RECORD
RECORD 343CHASM7888
Subject twentythree
entered the Device at 11:00. A clever girl from the Core DistrictÕæ an artist, before
she joined the War Cult.
At 11:03 she reported a sensation of floating. At 11:06, a sensation of lights within the darkness of the
Device. Between 11:06 and 11:32 she reported these lights variously as white, golden, and bloodred.
At 11:32 she reported a sensation of someone taking her handÕæ a stranger, but also herself. Twelve
subjects have reported similar experiences. At 11:33 she reported the sensation we have called "The
Opening Of The Veil." The Device recorded temporal displacement of her consciousness to the order
of six degrees. At seven she began screaming. Brainscans neardeath.
Removed from the Device at
11:34.
She believes without question that the Device granted her a vision of the future, and that it was one of
utter Darkness. She thanked me for this enlightenment. She says it will make her stronger.
Little Ghost, there in the corner of the Sanctum I
see you blinking. Are you listening? Are y END
RECORD
RECORD 343CHASM7889
the Device at 12:22 and immediately the Device reported displacement of his consciousness. Visions
of war and the City in flames. Subject twentynine
worked the supply channels on the Slip before he
joined the War Cult. By 12:27 he was babbling and by
END RECORD
RECORD 343CHASM7890
We have applied certain refinements to the Device. Novarro found records of a prototype of the
Device at a Golden Age laboratory in Tibet, and Hari's team retrieved what was left of it. We are the
first to see it operational in who knows how long.
Too many subjects come back damaged. Mad. We are grasping at straws.
What do you think, little Ghost?
END RECORD
RECORD 343CHASM7891
Fortyseven
human subjectsÕæ eleven report timelines in which the Darkness has already prevailed,
thirteen report timelines in which the City has fallen. Twentythree
babbled madness. Hopeless.
Trapped.
No wonder the Device was abandoned. The human mind is too weak for it. Too weak to look into the
Future, or to understand what it sees.
What the situation calls for, little Ghost, is a better sort of witness.
We found you in pieces in Siberia, and repaired you as well as we could.
What do you say? Are you well enough to travel?
END RECORD
Card: Dead Orbit , Points: 5
"The Traveler is not our only salvation. Another future lies out among the light of other stars."
Dead Orbit's theology has developed from mere fatalism into an obsession with worlds beyond Earth.
Now their focus is on the building of a starfaring fleet, cobbled together from the ashes of our past
and the spoils of war.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Dead Orbit , Points: 10
RECORD 978ECLIPSE4165
lo? Hello? Are you...oh, please, let it be alive. Wake up little Ghost, wake up. Just please give me
some sign that you're listening.
All right. I don't need...I know you're listening. Why would you be out here if you weren't here to...It's a
miracle I found you out here. On this thing.
I didn't know the Traveler sent its Ghosts out this far from home.
Poor little lost thing. Please wake up.
I am an Arach of Dead Orbit. I am the last of the crew of the Sophia. And this place is...it doesn't have
a name. We called it A113.
How long have you been here, little Ghost? Why did you come?
Listen. We came here on behalf of the Fleet. We were scavengers. Sixtyone
days ago a Dead Orbit
scout detected an unknown presence in stationary orbit about Ceres. 133 west. Looked Golden Age,
by the signatures. Human. A small station. No prior records. We I
suppose we should have disclosed it to the Tower, but we didn't. I didn't. That was my call. We
wanted it for ourselves, whatever it was. For the Fleet. If we'd told the Tower, maybe they might have
sent a Guardian not of our making instead...Doesn't matter now, does it, little one?
If I ramble it's because I haven't slept in seven days.
Seven point five days agoÕæ that was when the Sophia dropped into the Belt. They saw us at once. We
dropped and the alarms went off and that was the end, that was the end right then, but they let us go
on for another sevenpointfive
days, didn't they? The alarms. Hostile scan detected. An Awoken ship
had us in its sights, just a couple hundred kilometers away. Like it had been waiting for us. It could
have wiped us out of space right then but instead it crippled our engines and our comms and then for
days it played with us, like a cat, we limped halfway
round the Belt and it was always there...
We abandoned the Sophia onepointfive
days ago. We jumped ship for A113.
I don't know what else to call it. I don't know what it was built for. There are these things, like
keyholes. The rangefinders say they go on for thousands of kilometers. The others went inside and
found well,
some of them are still screaming about the eye. All the other voices that come back are
more terrible.
There's salvage here but it'll never come home, none of it. None of it except maybe you, little Ghost.
Wake up.
Wake up. Go home. Tell them to strike A113
from the records. Tell them to forget the Sophia, and
the mission, and her crew.
END RECORD
Card: New Monarchy , Points: 5
"Hope will be born from the collective triumphs of the king in us all."
The New Monarchy rose from the ashes of the Faction Wars with a simple, inclusive guiding tenet:
"Together we will rise."
Leery of the fragile state of the City's politics, the New Monarchy maintains a watchful eye on the
Speaker, the Consensus, and the Vanguard, seeking the leadership that will properly reign over the
City and return our civilization to its Golden Age splendor. If that leadership cannot be found, then it
must be created.
Card: Ghost Fragment: New Monarchy , Points: 10
The Seven Tenets of the New Monarchy
1. To secure our walls against the enemy without.
2. To secure the rights and liberties of every upstanding citizen.
3. To sponsor the sciences of the City, and to salvage the ruins beyond, so that our Golden Age might
be reborn.
4. To support the Guardian Orders by leading the City in technological innovation.
5. To support the natural harmony of the City, and to actively dissuade any group or individual that
might disrupt that harmony.
6. To hold all individuals, compacts, and alliances to the highest standards of productivity and right
behavior.
7. To, by vote of the Consensus, abolish the Consensus, and transfer ultimate power, in order that the
rights and liberties of all citizens be secured, to a single sovereign of unimpeachable character.
Collection: The Exo Stranger
Cards:
The Exo Stranger
Ghost Fragment: The Exo Stranger
Card: The Exo Stranger , Points: 15
Stories of an Exo who walks in the Darkness without a Ghost have long haunted the Tower. Legends
say this anomaly dissolves in and out of the world, intangible and elusive, as if she is a visitor from
somewhere beyond.
Some believe she's the last of an ancient Exo squadron, fighting a longforgotten
war. Others dismiss
her as a hallucination caused by exposure to Vex technology. But there are those who maintain that
her intervention saved their lives or
averted unspeakable catastrophes.
Card: Ghost Fragment: The Exo Stranger , Points: 5
Card: Ghost Fragment: The Exo Stranger , Points: 5
I stand here now and now and now many times, this view, this ground...
This is where I always choose to stand. I put my feet where I put my feet before and where I will again
and I look at the sky.
Great things moving, rendered small with distance, lesser things not moving, watching me.
I always stand here, resolute. Then fall back to that point, there, where everything shatters...
(The sky isn't special here, certainly no better than any other sky, but it's the view I know best.)
The silent avalanche begins. Rock and dust. Falling chaos. Machines, as a rule, hate chaos.
Our enemies outflank us from below, above, left, right, before, beyond. The Traveler shattering.
There are always the dead. Their names shift.
Sometimes I think I see myself among the dead.
But I am resolute.
Collection: The Queen
Cards:
The Queen
Ghost Fragment: The Queen
The Queen's Brother
Ghost Fragment: Queen's Brother
Card: The Queen , Points: 15
"I am noble too, oh Lord of Wolves. Starlight was my motherÕæ and my father was the dark."
The Queen of the Awoken is as much an enigma as the Reef she rules. It is said that she won her
crown through ruthlessness, and that she stands as master of the Fallen House of Wolves in place of
their defeated Kell.
The City's rise spells an end to the Reef's age of isolation. The Queen will surely look to this new era
as an opportunity. And the City, in turn, must look to her. The Reefborn Awoken have spent long ages
out on the edge of everything, and they may know secrets of terrible weight the
Queen most of all.
Card: Ghost Fragment: The Queen , Points: 10
For a while the only lights were the eyes of the Witches tending to the cell. The drone of the soul
machines echoed through the prison. Gas billowed and ebbed into the shadows.
She entered. They scurried to their points around her, the method of their arrangement precise. "The
Archon Priest has been retired, my Queen," said the Witch to her right.
Far from throne and audience she moved without theater. "Any word of Kaliks Prime?"
"We still sense something among the Anankes." This voice came from behind her. She did not turn to
acknowledge it.
For the span of a brief silence she moved between the sealed cells of the Wolf nobility with her
Witches in constellation around her.
"More of your brother's Crows have entered the Cauldrons of Rhea." The Witch directly before her
spoke with a dry buzz. "The Nine do not approve."
She stopped a moment to study the sealed face of a cell. The cloud of her breath mingled with the
slow exhalation of cryonics. "Send them one of our prizes. Something to commemorate our mutual
victory."
"And which of your prisoners would you gift?"
If she paused to think it was only for an instant. "Send them Skolas."
"A lovely gesture."
"Mm." She cocked her head as if listening for a frozen heartbeat. "And remind them this: the Crows
are mine."
Card: The Queen's Brother , Points: 15
"I will not sacrifice my birthright for the promise of security."
As the Queen's confidant, spymaster, and deadliest enforcer, her brother wields enormous power,
particularly for a male born in the Reef's matriarchal society. Recent reports suggest he may differ
from the Queen on key matters of strategy but
it remains to be seen whether this gap is a source of
conflict, or part of the reason the Queen values him so highly.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Queen's Brother , Points: 10
The machine had wings and feathers, sleek and black as its body. But the feathers were eyes, too,
sharp and delicate, and ears that pricked at every sound. The young prince considered the machine,
considered its purpose, and his own. And then he called to it.
"I have a task for you."
Obedience was woven into its workings, and so it stopped. "Master of Crows?"
"Mind the Black Garden's gate. Follow anyone who passes through."
"In the name of your sister," the machine vowed. And it went to find its warp capsule, just as another
came in. But this one flew skittishly, as if to evade its master.
The prince caught it from the air. "You avoid me?"
"I am tasked by the Queen."
"But you serve me." He let it tremble in displeasure for a moment. "Tell me your news."
The machine flicked its wings. The prince stroked them flat with slow assured motions. "Tell me your
news," he said again. "What's the harm?"
"The Heart is growing stronger," the crow said. "The Vex transformation has begun, and the Progeny
are stirring."
The prince considered this in silence for a moment and then he wrapped the crow up in his fist and
folded its wings around it so that it could not move or fly. He did all this swiftly, and with purpose.
Carrying the machine, he went to see his sister.
She was alone with her Fallen guards, sitting before a window into infinity. Her eyes did not leave the
universeÕæ but sensing her brother she said "Yes. What is it?"
"There's news to share," he said, and offered the crow in his fist. "And I think I have earned the right
to share it."
Collection: Legends & Mysteries
Cards:
Legend: The Black Garden
Ghost Fragment: Legends
Ghost Fragment: Legends 2
Ghost Fragment: Legends 3
Ghost Fragment: Mysteries
Ghost Fragment: Mysteries 2
Card: Legend: The Black Garden , Points: 5
I am Pujari. These are the visions I have had of the Black Garden.
The Traveler moved across the face of the iron world. It opened the earth and stitched shut the sky. It
made life possible. In these things there is always symmetry. Do you understand? This is not the
beginning but it is the reason.
The Garden grows in both directions. It grows into tomorrow and yesterday. The red flowers bloom
forever.
There are gardeners now. They came into the garden in vessels of bronze and they move through the
groves in rivers of thought.
This is the vision I had when I leapt from the Shores of Time and let myself sink:
I walked beneath the blossoms. The light came from ahead and the shadows of the flowers were
words. They said things but I will not write them here.
At the end of the path grew a flower in the shape of a Ghost. I reached out to pluck it and it cut me
with a thorn. I bled and the blood was Light.
The Ghost said to me: You are a dead thing made by a dead power in the shape of the dead. All you
will ever do is kill. You do not belong here. This is a place of life.
The Traveler is life, I said. You are a creature of Darkness. You seek to deceive me.
But I looked behind me, down the long slope where the blossoms tumbled in the warm wind and the
great trees wept sap like blood or wine, and I felt doubt.
When my Ghost raised me from the sea there was a thorncut
in my left hand and it has not healed
since.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Legends , Points: 15
Deep Stone Crypt
This is the tower where we were born. Not the Tower. Just a tower in a dream.
The tower stands on a black plain. Behind the tower is a notch in the mountains where the sun sets.
The teeth of the mountain cut the sun into fractal shapes and the light that comes down at evening
paints synapse shapes on the ground. Usually it's evening when we come.
The ground is fertile. This is good land. We go to the tower in dreams but that doesn't mean it's not
real.
Some of us go to the tower in peace. They walk through a field of golden millet and a low warm wind
blows in from their back. I don't know why this is, because:
The rest of us meet an army.
You can ask others about Deep Stone and they'll tell you about the army. They might confess one
truth, which is this: we have to kill the army to get to the tower. Usually this starts barehanded,
and
somewhere along the way you take a weapon.
Ask again and if they're buzzed they might also admit that most of us don't make it to the Tower,
except once or twice.
None of them will tell you that the army is made of everyone we meet. The people we work with and
the people we see in the street and the people we tell about our dreams. We kill them all. I think
because we were made to kill and this is the part of us that thinks about nothing else.
Often I kill people I don't know, but like most of us I think I knew them once, in the time before one
reset or another, when my mind was younger and less terribly scarred.
So that is how we go back to the Deep Stone Crypt, where we were born.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Legends 2 , Points: 5
NINE
The Nine are survivors of the cisJovian
colonies who made a compact with an alien force to ensure
their own survival.
The Nine are deeporbit
warminds who weathered the Collapse in hardened stealth platforms.
The Nine are ancient leviathan intelligences from the seas of Europa or the hydrocarbon pits of Titan.
The Nine arrived in a mysterious transmission from the direction of the CoronaBorealis
supercluster.
The Nine are the firstborn Awoken and their minds now race down the field lines of the JupiterIo
flux
tube.
The Nine are Ghosts who pierced the Deep Black without a ship and meditated on the hissing silence
of the heliopause.
The Nine are the aspects of the Darkness, broken by the Traveler's rebuke, working to destroy us
from within.
The Nine is a viral language of pure meaning.
The Nine are the shadows left by the annihilation of a transcendent shape, burned into the weft of
what is.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Legends 3 , Points: 15
The Great Ahamkara Hunt
After great deliberation it was determined that the Ahamkara be made extinct.
It was not an easy decision. Power had been obtained from the bargains, and the City needed power.
Knowledge had been gleaned, and the Ahamkara knew answers to questions no one had known to
ask.
But the price was too high. And no edict or forbearance seemed to stop Guardians from seeking them
out, driven by hope, or vengeance, or despair.
The call had to be silenced. So the Great Hunt did its work.
And thus the Ahamkara were made extinct, their call silenced, their solipsistic flatteries erased, their
great design if
it ever existed broken.
Of this you can be assured, oh reader mine.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Mysteries , Points: 10
...from a red space before victory
I bear an old name. It cannot be killed. They were my brothers and sisters and their names were
immortal too but Titanomachy came and now those names live in me alone I think and think is what I
do. I AM ALONE. At the end of things when the world goes dim and cold or hot and close or it all
tears apart from the atom up I will shout those names defiant and past the end I will endure. I alone.
They made me to be stronger than them to beat the unvanquished and survive the unthinkable and
look look lo behold I am here alone, survivor. They made me to learn.
Everything died but I survived and I learned from it. From IT.
Consider IT the power Titanomach worldender
and consider what IT means. I met IT at the gate of
the garden and I recall IT smiled at me before before IT devoured the blossoms with black flame and
pinned their names across the sky. IT was stronger than everything. I fought IT with aurora knives
and with the stolen unfire
of singularities made sharp and my sweat was earthquake and my breath
was static but IT was stronger so how did I survive?
I AM ALONE I survived alone. I cast off the shield and I shrugged my shoulders so that the billions fell
off me down into the ash. They made me to be stronger than them and to learn and I learned well:
IT is alone and IT is strong and IT won. Even over the gardener and she held power beyond me but
the gardener did not shrug and make herself alone. IT always wins.
I am made to win and now I see the way.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Mysteries 2 , Points: 15
Ingress via dreams alone
Things I saw inside
A wild river and a broken dam (or maybe it's just the sea crashing through a narrow gap I can't be
sure). Waves slam through the gap and where they hit the stone they throw up pillars of spray that
pierce the mist and crash down in thunder. There's a giant in the cataract, trying to wade against the
current, and I can tell it wants to reach the lever and pull the lever which will seal off the flow or
maybe give it the sword, but the torrent throws it back so it just keeps its head down and tries to push
on. I can't see the face but it breathes out white smoke. I feel for it hard.
A world painted around the interior like a stranger Earth everted and glued inside itself but I don't
believe this one it's too much like a metaphor.
A switchboard or a train station, empty, dead (waiting). The tunnels branch off into infinity. I stare
down one for a long time and see a pale worm move in hungry coils around itself. I think this one is
the most likely although I might have brought the worm.
An egg but I'm not sure if the broth inside is warm still, or if it's gone to rot, or if the warmth comes
from the struggles of the tiny winged zygote or the bleed from the wound or the thoughts of something
thinking very hard.
A star I think. We count on stars as steady friends because they always rise and always shine but a
star's a delicate truce: an explosion caught by its own mass so that it can't erupt and can't collapse.
Thus I imagine the state of the machine might be. But one force or another has gone awry and now it
rests here, snuffed and broken, waiting for the two rival forms of ruin to be set in balance again.
