Collections:
Fallen
Fallen Arsenal
Fallen Leadership
Hive
Hive Arsenal
Exalted Hive
Vex
Vex Arsenal
Vex Axis Minds
Cabal
Cabal Arsenal
Cabal Command
Darkness
Collection: Fallen
Cards:
The Fallen
Dreg
Shank
Vandal
Captain
Servitor
House of Devils
House of Exile
House of Winter
House of Kings
House of Wolves
Ghost Fragment: Fallen
Ghost Fragment: Fallen 2
Card: The Fallen , Points: 5
"We have butchers at our gates fourarmed
and eager for slaughter."
The Fallen are ruthless scavengers. Brutal and uncaring, they arrived on their massive Ketches in the
wake of the Collapse to loot and pillage our devastated worlds.
There are hints of ancient nobility to the Fallen the
scars of lost grandeur. The Kells of their
scattered Houses still claim to be royalty. But they leave only grief and wreckage in their wake.
Card: Dreg , Points: 5
"Don't underestimate a cutthroat, or you'll get your throat cut."
Dregs cling to the lowest rung of Fallen society. Docked of their lower arms in a ritual of humiliation
and obedience, Dregs seek to prove their worth. Only a few will survive to gain promotion and regrow
their limbs. Their suicidal bravery is fueled by ambition and shame.
Card: Shank , Points: 5
"Death flies on tarnished wings."
Shanks are the bulldogs of the Fallen. Small and tough enough to go where Dregs won't fit, they
scout, keep watch, and patrol. Fallen Walkers deploy Shanks from internal bays for tactical support
and field repairs.
Card: Vandal , Points: 5
"You could drown the City in the blood they've spilt."
Soldiers, brawlers, assassins, and scouts, Vandals are the seasoned regulars who fill out the skilled
roles within a Fallen crew. Whether from distance or up close and personal, they are seasoned,
efficient killers, with an arsenal of weaponry and tech to match their bloodlust.
Card: Captain , Points: 5
"Waves of them smashed against our walls, hissing and wailing. But it was the one who stood
beyond them, silent and scenting the air, that froze the blood in our veins."
Having clawed and knifed his way to the top, scattering bodies and limbs in his wake, the Captain is
the strongest and most ferocious member of the crew he musters around himself. His ration of Ether
is the largest, his blades the sharpest, his guns the finest. Upon his shoulders hangs the flag of his
House, if he swears loyalty to any. For his crew, the slightest hesitation to comply earns a slash from
his sword. Defiance results in immediate amputation, if he is in a good mood, or death, if he is not.
Card: Servitor , Points: 5
"A floating light, a sleepless eye. Their hope, their faith, their sustenance."
Servitors are living relics of the oncemighty
Fallen civilization. Packed with ultrasophisticated
machinery, they process matter and energy into the Ether that the Fallen depend on for life. In battle
they support the Fallen with defensive systems and their own powerful energy weapons. Outside,
they anchor Fallen comms and provide vital technological acumen.
Servitors have complex relationships with each other and with their Fallen crews. Servitors are
attached to a Prime, a massive Servitor which exists in unclear symbiosis with a Fallen Archon. The
Archon conveys the Kell's wishes to the Prime Servitor, and exerts some measure of control. Recent
developments suggest that Prime Servitors are more than a focus of worship and logistical activity.
They may play a key role in Fallen star flight.
Card: House of Devils , Points: 10
"The Devils take whatever nature has yet to claim."
These are the scourge of the City, the shadow below our walls. This is the House that led the battle at
the Twilight Gap, the House we tell our children about to frighten them into behaving.
The House of Devils have now devoted great strength to pillaging the Cosmodrome in Old Russia,
hunting for something buried below. If they are not held in check, whatever they find might prove the
City's undoing.
Card: House of Exile , Points: 10
"They live among the Hive. Of course they're crazy."
There is more than a whiff of desolation about these Fallen. Their ranks are swollen with Dregs; their
rags threadbare. Perhaps this is a new House, gathered from the outcast malcontents and disgraced
castaways of the others, galvanized by pride or hate or the desire for freedom.
Be watchful. If this is true, they will surely be hungry to secure their position and
that may drive them
to bold action.
Card: House of Winter , Points: 10
"Their greed is as much a threat as their blades."
The Fallen House of Winter, led by the ruthless Kell Draksis, have been found operating in and
around the Ishtar Sink on Venus. Their interests there seem directed at the ruins of the Academy
along the Shattered Coast, but there are concerns that their focus may, in actuality, be directed
elsewhere toward
the ominous Citadel that rises like a warning above the Waking Ruins.
Card: House of Kings , Points: 10
"Another great House hides among us..."
The colors of the House of Kings are rarely seen. They act with brutal contempt, as if they hold their
rivals other
Fallen and City alike in
disdain. We have yet to grasp the full measure of their strength.
Card: House of Wolves , Points: 10
"These ones are mine."
The bulk of the House of Wolves now falls under the control of the Queen of the Reef. There are
many stories of how this came to be, but they are too varied for the truth to be separated from rumor.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Fallen , Points: 5
Cayde6
Reminisces
Okay, okay, I'll tell the story about that one Fallen.
It didn't happen like that. We didn't, you know, do anything actively no
handshake, no icy stare of
grudging mutual respect. I don't even know which hand you would shake. Do they shake hands? It
must be complicated.
Anyway, it was like this. I was on the Moon. I cracked a Hive structure near Mare Imbrium, looking for
a Shrine, and they just swarmed.
Ranks and ranks and ranks of Thrall, pouring out between the
columns, but the columns were Knights, and all the shadows behind them rose up hissing sorcery.
Of course I ran.
I had a line of egress and while yes it was full of Thrall I had a backup too. I went upslope. Took cover
in the shadow of a crashed Phaeton. Emptied my machine gun, ducked down to reload, and saw her
at the other end of the hull, killing Thrall: a Fallen in Exile colors, bannered in the marks of a Baron,
though the flags were clawtorn
and stained with Hive ash. She was alone. I think she must have lost
her crew.
I didn't really have time to shoot her and she didn't really have time to shoot me so we just went back
to killing Hive. Knights pushed me out into the open and back up the range to a high stone saddle in
the shadow of an old interferometry array. It was good ground so she came up there too.
For a while we just killed things which is hard to make interesting in a story so I'll pass it over.
At the end the Wizards came. I climbed the array to get an angle on them and she fell back to the
base of the antennae where she broke her swords off in a Knight. I saw that happen and I don't know
if I can tell you how I felt. She was another living thing with a mind I could understand and she hadn't
howled at me or tried to eat my Ghost. I cheered when the Knight went down.
When I came down, empty on all guns, she was slumped against a bulkhead staring at me with all her
tiny black eyes. Ether leaking out of her like smoke. The Knight hadn't died easily. Downslope the last
Wizard moved like fire behind another line of Thrall.
I looked at her and wondered how many innocent human lives she'd ended on those broken blades.
She did the strangest thing then. Took the last shock pistol from her bandolier and threw it between
us, as if to offer it. When I went to pick it up she tried to knife me, but she was slow, and when I broke
her arms and opened her throat she didn't seem surprised.
To this day I wonder if she hated me, or wanted to make me kill her, or just felt she should spare me
the choice.
I did kill a few Thrall with that pistol.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Fallen 2 , Points: 5
A ROUTINE SUMMATION OF DARLINGS WON AND HEROICALLY HELD DURING THIS
PROFITABLE CYCLE, AS COMPILED BY A DREG
ammunition of rich makes, quantity adequate to incinerate 6X6 foe
11 operational weapons, alien design, suitable for salvage
3 explosive charges of obvious design, suitable for salvage
1 cabal fusion reactor, disabled but perhaps repairable
61 machines, alien, inoperable, unknown significances
13 alien machines, inoperable, known significances
3 glints
7 herealways
1103 twists of essence
15 human body parts, kept for study, scorn
55 human adornments, full of glory and warm memory, worth the cost of their acquisition and more so
some ether, quantity negligible
considerable experience in battle
4 dregs dead, rendering House of Winter weaker
1 dreg honoring self and House, leading to consideration of fabricated arms
1 disabled Fallen skiff, scrubbed of House identity and stories
1 Fallen story found beside the disabled skiff, unknown House, partly corrupted, rendered as follows:
what others call dark which is not I know what it is but no time room calm given for an appropriate
telling so I say only that what is not shadow is an ally and a wonder and I respect what I cannot steal
from and you cannot take from the dark you can claim only pain from the dark and that is why the
dark is worthy of love beyond all other love that astonishing ability to evade being robbed
I love what I will not name
1 story, Fallen and found beneath the skiff, unknown House, story uncorrupted
subsequently the second recording has been washed away
operator error
I know what no one else knows and now I am a marvel with ten thousand arms
Collection: Fallen Arsenal
Cards:
Shock Pistol
Shock Rifle
Shrapnel Launcher
Wire Rifle
Shock Dagger
Shock Blade
Shock Grenade
Skiff
Pike
Walker
Card: Shock Pistol , Points: 10
The Shock Pistol is a simple but deadly weapon, and a mainstay of the Fallen arsenal. Primarily
utilized by the lower ranking members of a given Fallen crew, Shock Pistols discharge bolts of Arc
energy.
Card: Shock Rifle , Points: 10
Although based on the same Arc technology as other Fallen weaponry, this rifle has a distinct
advantage: the projectiles it fires track unerringly to the target. The exact mechanism behind this is
unclear, but the rifle seems to steer the slowmoving
molten projectile down an artificial field line.
Card: Shrapnel Launcher , Points: 10
The Shrapnel Launcher is a simple, effective, robust weapons system that the Fallen can build
without risking vital resources.
The weapon fires looseforged
canisters of explosives and shrapnel down electromagnetic rails
embedded in the barrel. Captains favor this weapon for its intimidating presence. It deals Solar
damage.
Card: Wire Rifle , Points: 10
The Wire Rifle utilizes shock cores to charge thin wires of an exotic metal, converting them into Arcinfused
molten shards with an extraordinary muzzle velocity.
Card: Shock Dagger , Points: 10
The Shock Dagger is a deadly combination of stun gun and knife. Composed of a lightweight metal
and powered by a small Arc charge, the Shock Dagger is capable of cutting through armor and
delivering a staggering jolt of electricity. The Fallen use them for every purpose imaginable, from light
metalwork to handtohand
combat.
Card: Shock Blade , Points: 10
These fulllength
edged weapons gather Arc energy from a system of shock cores and charging caps
in the hilt, converting the entire length of the blade into a plasma cutting torch.
Brutally efficient in the hands of a skilled Captain, Shock Blades are not ceremonial weapons built for
show. Guardians would do well to respect the threat they present.
Card: Shock Grenade , Points: 10
The Shock Grenade is a simple, effective Fallen weapon. The core of the device is a shock core
encased in an induction motor. Once activated, an Arc charge builds in the core until it reaches critical
mass, starting a chain reaction that ends with a devastating explosion.
Card: Skiff , Points: 5
Slipping out of stealth only to offload a crew of Fallen, the Skiff is rarely seen. On the other hand, its
rumbling, booming arrival is difficult to miss as
are the weapons it uses to support its troop
deployments.
Card: Pike , Points: 5
A Pike looks and sounds like rusted junk but moves like a shark. Lightning crackles in the engine,
which can accelerate to fantastic speed. Twin guns mow down infantry. The Fallen deploy Pikes as
highspeed
harassers and patrol vehicles.
Card: Walker , Points: 5
Fallen Walkers are mobile gun platforms deployed in offensive and defensive roles alike. Though their
insectlike
design gives them an eerie, almost lifelike quality, these heavilyarmored
monstrosities are
purely robotic. Their advanced tracking systems can account for multiple targets as their forward
repeaters and massive main gun sweep the battlefield for threats. Mine dispensers provide close
defense against dismounted infantry, and an onboard
Shank foundry produces armed repair drones.
Walkers are immediate and deadly threats, having ended the Light of countless Guardians. The
Fallen do not hesitate to deploy them to provide overwatch for their salvage and extraction crews.
Walkers are also commonly used as blocking forces to guard key Fallen assets. At the Battle of
Twilight Gap, Walkers engaged in a thunderous artillery duel with the City's gun positions.
The collected wisdom of battlehardened
Guardians suggests Walkers can be beaten by focusing fire
on the legs, overloading the Walker and rendering its armored core briefly vulnerable. When the
Walker stumbles, Guardians should focus all available firepower on the exposed components
beneath the neck plating. Some externally mounted weapons can also be disabled with precise fire.
Collection: Fallen Leadership
Cards:
Riksis, Devil Archon
Simiks3
Draksis, Winter Kell
Sepiks Prime
Aksor, Archon Priest
Card: Riksis, Devil Archon , Points: 15
"The Archons are the links between the Fallen and their Servitors. We break those links, we
break the Fallen."
Archons are revered amongst the Fallen. It is unknown whether these high priests are the caretakers
of the Prime Servitors, or simply vicious arbiters of the Primes' will.
Riksis collects the skulls of dead Guardians. Whether he keeps them as trophies or presents them as
offerings to whatever Prime he serves, his threat is very real, and his death will bring great joy to a
City in need of hope.
Card: Simiks3
, Points: 10
"Its thirst for knowledge was left unquenched for so long, its death will almost be considered a
tragedy."
Simiks3
was born of Winter's Prime Servitor, rumored to have been destroyed long ago. From
readings gathered during the battle, it appears Simiks3
was uniquely equipped to process and store
huge amounts of intel between itself and a chain of nearby Servitors.
Card: Draksis, Winter Kell , Points: 15
"The architect of Winter's strategy. And he still shows his strength on the front line."
Draksis, Kell of the Wintership Simiksfel,
has been an elusive target for the Vanguards. After his
countless raids on jumpship reclamation convoys, Cayde6
personally upped the bounty on him. With
confirmed sightings of the Kell in the Ishtar Sink, the time to strike is now.
Defeating Draksis could throw Winter into chaos. With Simiks Prime allegedly already lost, the House
leadership would be gutted although
proof of the Servitor's demise remains elusive.
Card: Sepiks Prime , Points: 15
"I never believed a machine could know hatred."
Floating, emotionless arbiters of life and death, Servitors are quasireligious
automata defended by
the Fallen with zealous ferocity.
The exalted Servitor of the Fallen House of Devils, Sepiks Prime, has long been rumored to dwell
deep within the bowels of the Cosmodrome. While the Kells are the political leaders of the Fallen,
Servitors are said to be their gods and
the source of their lifesustaining
ether. A Prime Servitor is a
target worthy of even the greatest sacrifice. Those willing to accept such a challenge will have the
eternal gratitude of a City desperate for relief.
Sepiks Prime relies on fanatical reinforcements and its own considerable tactical abilities including
a
shortrange
teleport and a powerful directed energy weapon. Aim for the eye, and break contact if it
turns your way.
Card: Aksor, Archon Priest , Points: 15
A disciple of the Prime Servitor Kaliks, Aksor initiated brutal crusades against human settlements
beyond the City and ravaged countless Awoken enclaves throughout the Reef. When the Queen
waged her war against the Wolves, Aksor was taken alive and sealed into the infamous Prison of
Elders.
Killing Aksor before he can join the ranks of the House of Winter weakens the Fallen, strengthens ties
to the Reef, and brings the City one step closer to gaining a solid foothold along the Shattered Coast.
Collection: Hive
Cards:
The Hive
Thrall
Acolyte
Knight
Ogre
Wizard
The Hidden Swarm
Spawn of Crota
Blood of Oryx
Ghost Fragment: Hive
Ghost Fragment: Hive 2
Card: The Hive , Points: 5
"There are nightmares rising from the shadows, and they hunger for our dying hope."
The Hive are an ancient, festering evil. Their antipathy to the Light transcends hatred. To the Hive,
the eternal struggle between Light and Dark is not only a war, it is a crusade all
Light must be
devoured so Darkness can reclaim the universe.
Card: Thrall , Points: 5
"The shadows have claws."
Feral and fearless, Thrall are a plague upon the battlefield.
Their swarming, twisted frames are driven by unfettered rage. Of all the terrors born of the Hive's vile
will, they are the basest.
Card: Acolyte , Points: 5
"Belief is a powerful weapon."
It would be a mistake to view the Hive's Acolytes as foot soldiers, because the Hive is not merely an
army, it is a dark force rising. It is belief and horror, and its Acolytes are its instruments, hungry to
commit the atrocities that will drive their own ascension.
Card: Knight , Points: 5
"It put up a hand and swallowed the rocket with a wall of shadow."
A roaring, striding fortress, the Knight is the Hive's foremost and most zealous defender. Centuries of
battle have toughened the bony protrusions on its body into an armor as hard as relic iron a
defense
only strengthened by the Hive magic that Knights use to summon shields of burning force.
Card: Ogre , Points: 5
"Its gaze shattered the rock, and then it smashed the rock to powder."
Charged with Hive sorcery, Ogres are abominations of flesh and rage, unleashed from the deepest
Hive tunnels as engines of destruction. Apocryphal lore suggests that Ogres undergo terrible
transformations as they grow agonizing
rituals that gift them with might and cunning.
Card: Wizard , Points: 5
"The only word for what we saw is sorcery."
The Wizard is the scalpel with which the Hive vivisect the universe. A nightmare of rag and bone, the
Wizard conceals herself within darkness and fire, dissecting and experimenting on anything that falls
into her clutches.
Card: The Hidden Swarm , Points: 10
"Mind the cracks and crevices of the Moon. There is an army in their shadows."
Boiling from the wounded surface of the Moon, the Hidden Swarm is the Hive's outermost line of
defense a
numberless legion that repels intruders before they breach the temples and shrines of the
vast Hive fortress.
Card: Spawn of Crota , Points: 10
"Crota's spawn will snuff out the worlds of Light, and Oryx's coming shall be unfettered."
The heralds of a dark future, led by the champion of a longforgotten
king. Crota and his legions once
banished us from our own Moon. Now we fear they are rising again to claim Earth.
Card: Blood of Oryx , Points: 10
"They are the shadow of an unknown master, harbingers of a power beyond anything we've
faced."
Research into the cyphers and runes of the Hive leads the Cryptarchs to believe the Hive sects all
serve one great master. The Blood of Oryx are feared to be the direct servants of this dark lord. The
name Oryx appears too many times in Hive rituals to be ignored.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Hive , Points: 5
We were overwhelmed. I could not save mine, so I have hidden myself where I might be found by the
others, if they even survive. There is most likely no possibility of my return to the City. I prepare here
in summary the knowledge so painfully won by my Guardian and our fireteam.
The Moon has been geoengineered into an impregnable fortress, designed to support a vast number
of creatures
if
any mind could be evil enough to create them. Are they alive? They move, they
shriek, they fall upon us in ravenous waves. But I see death, decay, and corruption, not life. We
discovered, to our sorrow, one massive set of gates. There are likely more.
We met a towering monster, wielding a sword of utter darkness. The Light only made it hungry. We
tried to fight, and we fell. Too many times to remember.
We were all brave, I assure you. May the Light find Guardians capable of facing this monstrosity, or I
fear the Moon may be lost to us forever.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Hive 2 , Points: 5
At the doors to the Temple he fell for the last time. He fell, and I could not reach him.
My own Light flickers.
They took me down into the dark, past tiers of massed Hive, more than we believed could exist. Past
grisly nurseries hung with pupae. Past writhing worms that they swallow whole. I saw the armaments
of war.
I am weak, so weak.
They have clamped me to this spire while a black foulness eats my Light. The Wizard comes now and
then to probe with her scaly claws into my systems, to inquire about my making, the City, what I have
seen. I erase and dump as quickly as I can they
will learn little from me but
I am studying them, I
know pain.
Always pain.
I have seen chasms beneath the surface, falling away to green nothingness. I have seen black
seeders prepared for invasion.
Their strength is not their own. They draw from another force, something that corrupts, that distorts,
that eats and will not be satisfied.
The Wizard is near. I feel her presence as a rip and a knot in the world. She tells me things that I
immediately forget. I am too small to hold the vastness of them, or the terror.
I am fading. I have no more that it can take.
With my last light I say to the City: War comes again from the Moon. This time they want Earth.
Prepare.
Collection: Hive Arsenal
Cards:
Shredder
Boomer
Cleaver
Tomb Ship
Shrieker
Card: Shredder , Points: 10
The Shredder, like so much Hive technology, appears to be an arcane joining of uncharted sciences
that verge on magic. It has no discernable mechanism. But in the hands of a Hive warrior, it
generates bolts of Void fire.
Card: Boomer , Points: 10
This devastating Arc weapon is said to contain a shard of some dead celestial body. Lobbing bolts of
rotting starfire, it is both a ruinous tactical weapon and an instrument of siege.
Card: Cleaver , Points: 10
Carved of fossilized bone and hellforged
metal, dulled by centuries of slaughter and execution, the
Cleaver is the terrible weapon of a Hive Knight. Despite their mass, they swing easily, as if the sword
were aware of its action and eager to tear into the Light.
Card: Tomb Ship , Points: 5
Tomb Ships are the Hive equivalent of troop carriers, though the term can only be applied loosely.
They glide from point to point through ominous portals, wounds cut into the flesh of space.
Card: Shrieker , Points: 5
These everwatchful
sentinels are believed, in some circles, to serve as the eyes of the Hive's
innermost covens, allowing powerful Wizards and Knights to watch over their domains. Others believe
Shriekers are nothing more than weapons meant to guard Hive ritual sites.
There is nothing living to the Shrieker, but neither are they mechanical constructs in a classical sense.
They seem to be dead mass, animated by the arcane will of the Hive. When a Shrieker is broken, its
Void charge rips free of the hull to seek vengeance.
Collection: Exalted Hive
Cards:
Kranox, The Graven
Swarm Princes
Telthor, Unborn
Sardok, Eye of Oryx
Mormu, Xol Spawn
Phogoth, the Untamed
Card: Kranox, The Graven , Points: 10
"Their keeper of secrets."
Kranox, the Graven is said to be the Keeper of the Worlds' Grave, a vast repository chronicling the
Hive's history of interstellar conquests. Every world they have devoured, every life they have
eradicated, every enemy they've faced.
Defeating Kranox and cracking the secrets of the Worlds' Grave could provide the City with the keys
to unraveling the Hive's true goals and their ultimate plans for Earth.
Card: Swarm Princes , Points: 15
"The royalty of nightmare."
The Swarm Princes are terrible legends. It was their will that forged the Sword of Crota, a weapon
meant to ravage worlds the
Great Render of Light, the Darkest Edge. They have waited in the
shadows of the Hellmouth for their master's return, guarding the Sword and sating its ravenous
hunger with the Light of Guardians who have dared to challenge them.
Card: Telthor, Unborn , Points: 10
"If you see an Ogre, you know you're close to something the Hive values."
The Unborn are those Ogres who have yet to be given the honor of a summoning. Brute enforcers
with a singular hunger for destruction, the Unborn serve the will of their greater Hive overlords. Those
Ogres that display loyalty and strength will be called for an agonizing ritual that earns them the title
"Reborn."
Telthor, protector of the Chamber of Night, is kept hungry and chained, awaiting the moment when an
interloper breaks open the Chamber and threatens the Hive's hateful ambitions.
Card: Sardok, Eye of Oryx , Points: 15
"Until the Darkness reigns, the Eyes must never close."
There are whispers of shrines to the fabled Oryx peppered across the entire system. Stories tell of
walking nightmares, protectors of bone and fury, towering over these prized chambers.
Card: Mormu, Xol Spawn , Points: 10
"How many horrors have they summoned?"
Behind every dark ritual lurks a coven of Wizards, the architects of the Hive's unspeakable designs.
Mormu, born of the blood and flesh of Xol, is said to conduct terrible rituals upon the Hive's Ogres.
Card: Phogoth, the Untamed , Points: 15
"The summoning tempers their rage...but first that rage must be stoked."
Phogoth's presence in the Summoning Pits reveals yet another of the Hive's depraved designs a
ritual of rebirth, where an Ogre's ravenous hunger and violence is honed and given purpose.
Collection: Vex
Cards:
The Vex
Goblin
Hobgoblin
Harpy
Minotaur
Hydra
Hezen Corrective
Hezen Protective
Virgo Prohibition
Sol Divisive
Precursors
Descendants
Ghost Fragment: Vex
Ghost Fragment: Vex 2
Ghost Fragment: Vex 3

Card: The Vex , Points: 5
"Living metal. Incomprehensible intelligence."
The Vex are architects of ancient and complex structures thought to be buried within every celestial
body. Linked by a network unlike any on Earth, they operate in unison, directed by a single
unfathomable purpose.
Card: Goblin , Points: 5
"All their joints turning together. Moving together. Towards you."
The Goblin is the basic unit in the vast computational network that is the Vex. Shattering the large,
fanshaped
head does not seem to cause lasting damage but sends the Goblin into a crackling
frenzy.
Card: Hobgoblin , Points: 5
"The air by my cheek twanged twice, stinking of ozone, before I saw it."
Specialized for sniping, this lean, tough Vex model is fitted with improved optics and acute sensors in
its horns. Like the Goblin, the Hobgoblin contains a milky radiolarian fluid.
Attacking a Hobgoblin often triggers a defensive reflex the
Hobgoblin seals itself in stasis and waits
for help.
Card: Harpy , Points: 5
"It swam back and forth through the air, spinning, the single red eye looking I
realized for
me."
The fastest and most mobile Vex, the Harpy is an airborne unit often deployed in flocks on patrols and
scouting missions. They must stop and stabilize before attacking.
Card: Minotaur , Points: 5
"I thought it was at a safe distance. I was wrong."
Minotaurs pack brutal heat, but most of their processing power is devoted to the physics of building
massive Vex complexes, suspected to extend through multiple dimensions. Minotaur models are
thicker and harder to crack than any other bipedal Vex, and they use their teleportation capability
aggressively.
Card: Hydra , Points: 5
"Our shots dissolved in the translucent matrix around it, useless."
The Hydra is a miniature fortress. Despite its physical slowness, it is a rapid processor of the data fed
to it by other Vex, and what it lacks in mobility it makes up for in impregnable defenses and rockmelting
firepower.
Card: Hezen Corrective , Points: 10
We understand the Vex as a network of thoughts, unified and vast. But not all Vex are the same. The
Hezen Corrective is one example of a Vex subtype, set apart from other Vex by distinct behaviors and
objectives.
Swarming across the Ishtar Sink, these Vex aggressively seek out and attack the Fallen House of
Winter, perform inscrutable operations around shining Confluxes, and even show interest in the
Golden Age ruins left by the Ishtar Collective.
The bulk of our contact with Vex forces on Venus has involved the Corrective. Those scholars willing
to risk their reputations speculating about the Vex often assert that the Corrective is an agent of
change, designed to solve problems and remake the world in a form suitable to the Vex. Others
contend that Corrective is simply a strategic distraction meant
to draw attention away from the
actions of the Hezen Protective.
Card: Hezen Protective , Points: 10
The mysterious Hezen Protective is the second major Vex behavioral unit on Venus. Concentrated
around the legendary Vault of Glass and the Endless Steps, the site of a massive Vex gate and the
access point to the towering Citadel, the Protective's behavior seems very defensive.
But leading Cryptarchs and experienced Guardians warn that it would be a fatal mistake to think of
the Vex as a conventional military occupying an area. Vex behavior is always a process, active and
purposeful. The Protective is clearly engaged in a colossal project, but as with much Vex behavior, it's
unclear whether their ultimate purpose is even comprehensible to us. The Protective may be reacting
to an event that has yet to occur, or working towards a goal that to
us is
already historical fact.
Card: Virgo Prohibition , Points: 10
Mars is wracked by an ongoing theaterlevel
conflict between the Cabal and a Vex subtype known as
the Virgo Prohibition. These aggressive, relentless Vex constantly test the Cabal exclusion zone,
apparently heedless of losses.
In spite of the Vex onslaught, the Cabal have managed to expand its beachhead and maintain a hold
on several mysterious Vex structures. The Prohibition's tactics seem to be failing in the short run.
But it seems unlikely that an organization with the sheer computational scope of the Vex could be
dragged into a losing war of attrition. Is it possible that the Vex are trying to draw out the Cabal
strength? Or that their surface losses are a distraction from a deeper strategic ploy?
Ikora Rey has proposed that the Vex units can best be understood as algorithms each
a unique
mapping of inputs to behavioral responses. Perhaps the Virgo Prohibition is simply the wrong
algorithm for its environment, and its failure will drive the greater Vex network to adapt and improve.
Card: Sol Divisive , Points: 10
Beyond the towering Meridian Bay gate lies the Black Garden, adrift in time and space. And within the
Garden dwell the Vex of the Sol Divisive, frozen in rapture.
We have precious little insight into the Divisive's behavior. They seem central to Vex actions in the
solar system: the Garden is clearly a place of enormous power.
Legends and scant field reports all indicate that the Divisive Vex behave religiously. Why would a
hyperintelligent, timespanning
thought mesh exhibit religious behavior? The answer seems as
obvious as it is chilling: if the Vex found worship and devotion more effective than any other behavior,
they would adopt worship. Whatever the Vex found or
made in
the Garden, it transcends even their
power.
Card: Precursors , Points: 10
Sol Primeval
Those who delve deep into the Vault of Glass have seen time itself torn asunder. Awestruck Ghosts
report encounters with ancient Vex, their casings built long before the age of humanity.
It would be easy to assume these Vex are the ancestors of those we face today but
with the Vex it is
never so simple.
Card: Descendants , Points: 10
Sol Imminent
Survivors of the Vault of Glass report sightings of ancient Vex ancient
in the sense that they have
endured for eons. Convergent analysis from multiple Ghosts suggests that these Vex exist in our
future.
If the Vex exist in our future or
in a possible future should
we take this as evidence that their defeat
is impractical or unattainable? The Guardian Vanguard is quick to point out that time travel remains a
mystery, and that the continued existence of the Vex is not remotely a sure indication of humanity's
extinction.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Vex , Points: 5
From the Records of the Ishtar Collective
ESI: Maya, I need your help. I don't know how to fix this.
SUNDARESH: What is it? Chioma. Sit. Tell me.
ESI: I've figured out what's happening inside the specimen.
SUNDARESH: Twelve? The operational Vex platform? That's incredible! You must know what this
means ah,
so. It's not good, or you'd be on my side of the desk. And it's not urgent, or you'd already
have evacuated the site. Which means...
ESI: I have a working interface with the specimen's internal environment. I can see what it's thinking.
SUNDARESH: In metaphorical terms, of course. The cognitive architectures are so ESI:
No. I don't need any kind of epistemology bridge.
SUNDARESH: Are you telling me it's human? A human merkwelt? Human qualia?
ESI: I'm telling you it's full of humans. It's thinking about us.
SUNDARESH: About oh
no.
ESI: It's simulating us. Vividly. Elaborately. It's running a spectacularly highfidelity
model of a
Collective research team studying a captive Vex entity.
SUNDARESH:...how deep does it go?
ESI: Right now the simulated Maya Sundaresh is meeting with the simulated Chioma Esi to discuss
an unexpected problem.
[indistinct sounds]
SUNDARESH: There's no divergence? That's impossible. It doesn't have enough information.
ESI: It inferred. It works from what it sees and it infers the rest. I know that feels unlikely. But it
obviously has capabilities we don't. It may have breached our shared virtual workspace...the neural
links could have given it data...
SUNDARESH: The simulations have interiority? Subjectivity?
ESI: I can't know that until I look more closely. But they act like us.
SUNDARESH: We're inside it. By any reasonable philosophical standard, we are inside that Vex.
ESI: Unless you take a particularly ruthless approach to the problem of causal forks: yes. They are
us.
SUNDARESH: Call a team meeting.
ESI: The other you has too.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Vex 2 , Points: 5
From the Records of the Ishtar Collective
SUNDARESH: So that's the situation as we know it.
ESI: To the best of my understanding.
SHIM: Well I'll be a [profane] [profanity]. This is extremely [profane]. That thing has us over a barrel.
SUNDARESH: Yeah. We're in a difficult position.
DUANEMCNIADH:
I don't understand. So it's simulating us? It made virtual copies of us? How does
that give it power?
ESI: It controls the simulation. It can hurt our simulated selves. We wouldn't feel that pain, but
rationally speaking, we have to treat an identical copy's agony as identical to our own.
SUNDARESH: It's god in there. It can simulate our torment. Forever. If we don't let it go, it'll put us
through hell.
DUANEMCNIADH:
We have no causal connection to the mind state of those sims. They aren't us.
Just copies. We have no obligation to them.
ESI: You can't seriously your
OWN SELF SHIM:
[profane] idiot. Think. Think. If it can run one simulation, maybe it can run more than one. And
there will only ever be one reality. Play the odds.
DUANEMCNIADH:
Oh...uh oh.
SHIM: Odds are that we aren't our own originals. Odds are that we exist in one of the Vex simulations
right now.
ESI: I didn't think of that.
SUNDARESH: [indistinct percussive sound]
Card: Ghost Fragment: Vex 3 , Points: 10
From the Records of the Ishtar Collective
SUNDARESH: I have a plan.
ESI: If you have a plan, then so does your sim, and the Vex knows about it.
DUANEMCNIADH:
Does it matter? If we're in Vex hell right now, there's nothing we can SHIM:
Stop talking about 'real' and 'unreal.' All realities are programs executing laws. Subjectivity is
all that matters.
SUNDARESH: We have to act as if we're in the real universe, not one simulated by the specimen.
Otherwise we might as well give up.
ESI: Your sim self is saying the same thing.
SUNDARESH: Chioma, love, please hush. It doesn't help.
DUANEMCNIADH:
Maybe the simulations are just billboards! Maybe they don't have interiority! It's
bluffing!
SHIM: I wish someone would simulate you shutting up.
SUNDARESH: If we're sims, we exist in the pocket of the universe that the Vex specimen is able to
simulate with its onboard brainpower. If we're real, we need to get outside that bubble.
ESI: ...we call for help.
SUNDARESH: That's right. We bring in someone smarter than the specimen. Someone too big to
simulate and predict. A warmind.
SHIM: In the real world, the warmind will be able to behave in ways the Vex can't simulate. It's too
smart. The warmind may be able to get into the Vex and rescue us.
DUANEMCNIADH:
If we try, won't the Vex torture us for eternity? Or just erase us?
SUNDARESH: It may simply erase us. But I feel that's preferable to...the alternatives.
ESI: I agree.
SHIM: Once we try to make the call, the Vex may...react. So let's all savor this last moment of
stability.
SUNDARESH: [indistinct sounds]
SHIM: You two are adorable.
DUANEMCNIADH:
I wish I'd taken that job at Clovis.
Collection: Vex Arsenal
Cards:
Slap Rifle
Line Rifle
Torch Hammer
Slap Grenade
Cyclops
Card: Slap Rifle , Points: 10
From a tactical perspective, the Slap Rifle is a Vex directedenergy
weapon that fills their analog of
the light infantry role. From an engineering perspective it's something much more interesting: a
terminal. The Slap Rifle receives a bolt of Solar energy from somewhere (or somewhen) else and it
points it at a target.
The terminal's flexibility is impressive. In noncombat
conditions, the Slap Rifle seems like it might
serve as a viable field transmitter, construction tool, navigational beacon, network repeater, or any of
a number of other utility functions.
Card: Line Rifle , Points: 10
The Vex Line Rifle fires highvelocity
Solar particle jets. Deployed on the Hobgoblin chassis, the Line
Rifle serves as a sniper weapon, pinning down targets or delivering the killing blow.
Like the Slap Rifle, the Line Rifle is a terminal weapon, although its source is much more energetic.
Some believe the weapon pulls material from the accretion disk of a galactic singularity. This would
imply the Vex are near or
have already achieved access
to a terrifying range of civilizationkilling
weapons. Others consider this unlikely, and propose that the Line Rifle simply draws from a central
Vex power supply.
Card: Torch Hammer , Points: 10
The Torch Hammer is a devastating Vex heavy weapon. Firing projectiles of strange matter, the
Hammer mauls targets with exotic particle decay and deadly radiation.
Card: Slap Grenade , Points: 10
The Vex use Slap Grenades to drive targets out into the open. These devices behave more like
miniaturized gates than conventional explosives, channeling a Void energy pulse from a remote
location.
Card: Cyclops , Points: 5
The Cyclops is a huge, stationary Vex construct with a powerful Void weapon. Guardians think of
Cyclops as gun platforms batteries
installed to protect key points with devastating mortar fire.
But some evidence suggests that the Cyclops is in fact an enormous sensor or beacon, and that its
weapons capabilities are secondary. What the Cyclops senses remains unknown, although its mind
core is vast. It may play a role in the Vex networked intelligence, or in navigation across space and
time.
A damaged Cyclops can be forced into a state of punchdrunk
confusion, its inputs overwhelmed by
hostile fire. This can result in fratricidal kills on other Vex units.
Collection: Vex Axis Minds
Cards:
Zydron, Gate Lord
Prohibitive Mind
Sol Progeny
Sekrion, Nexus Mind
The Gorgons
The Templar
Atheon, Time's Conflux
Card: Zydron, Gate Lord , Points: 15
The intelligence we call Zydron seems to exist in a liminal state, stretched between gates in the Vex
network. It manifests as a physical being only when called.
Warlock scholars believe that Gate Lords regulate traffic between Vex gates, and that their minds
contain codes that might open the way into forbidden realms. An enormous amount of hope and
anger has been spent on a particular debate could
we find a Vex gate that opens onto a place and
time before the Collapse, and somehow forestall it?
Card: Prohibitive Mind , Points: 15
Vex Axis Minds are individual Vex hulls that contain local instances of superordinate Vex goal sets.
This cryptic phrase means something reasonably simple the
Axis Mind contains a copy of all the
information required to pursue a particular objective.
This allows other nearby Vex to focus on their local tasks, leaving global planning to the Axis Mind. Of
course, this also introduces a centralized weakness for enemies to target. But the Vex seem to
consider the tradeoff worthwhile.
The Prohibitive Mind seems to coordinate Vex action against Cabal positions in Meridian Bay. The
current Vex operational plan to
the extent that we assume the Vex have operational plans appears
to involve an attritional campaign on the surface, supplemented by disruptive use of gates to bypass
Cabal hardpoints.
Card: Sol Progeny , Points: 15
To Commander Zavala My
Thoughts on Recent Events
Zavala How
like you to ask me for the bad news, even in this moment of triumph. I've finished going over that
Ghost's report.
It is my hypothesis a
hypothesis at best that
the Vex saw the abominable presence at the heart of
the Garden as a divine power. I can hear your protest already: how can machines have a god?
The answer is simple. The Vex, for all their voracious intelligence, could not understand or decipher
what they found. They searched through all available reactions, and they settled on the course with
the greatest payoff...to worship this power, and to remake themselves in its image.
I believe the three Axis Minds found in proximity to the abomination were Vex machines built to serve
as vessels for this power: a way to extend its reach across space and time, binding it to the Vex, and
the Vex to it. If they had succeeded, I cannot begin to guess what horrors they would have unleashed.
Attend carefully. There is cause for hope. When endangered, the abomination activated these vessels
and defended itself. This tells us that it was threatened. Whatever it was, Guardians could harm it.
And it activated only a single vessel at a time. Its strength was limited. Whatever it intended, it was
not ready yet.
We must assume the abomination was part of something greater. And we cannot flinch from the
terrible, obvious comparison: just as the Traveler acts through us, this power was able to act through
its own servants.
Let us be wary. There may be other abominations, and other vessels.
Ikora
Card: Sekrion, Nexus Mind , Points: 15
The Vanguard's intelligence sources now believe, with good confidence, that Sekrion oversees the
expansion of the Vex network through the crust of Venus.
The Hydra chassis common to many Vex Axis Minds boasts impressive computational capacity.
Sekrion likely uses this capacity to regulate coordination and crosstalk between Minotaurs operating
in the construction role.
Destroying Sekrion should significantly hamper the Vex effort to incorporate the entire planet into their
network.
Card: The Gorgons , Points: 15
Deep in the Vault of Glass, the fabric of reality bends to the will of the Vex. Warlocks speak in tones
of awe of the Gorgons creatures
that seem to possess a dreaded, almost unimaginable strength: an
ontological weapon.
Like the Oracles and the Templar, the Gorgons reputedly possess the ability to define what is and is
not real. Whatever they perceive becomes subject to erasure at their will. Until a countermeasure can
be found, Guardians must avoid their gaze at all costs or
reply to any detection with immediate,
overwhelming force.
The Gorgons' ability must be tied to the nature of the Vault of Glass. We can take some solace in the
clear fact that the Vex cannot manifest this power in the world outside.
Card: The Templar , Points: 15
Even among the Axis Minds, the Templar is extraordinary. Fragmentary glimpses and scattered
reports suggest a Hydra of impossible capabilities a
creature out of time.
The Templar and the Oracles guard the way into the deeper Vault. Legends say that the Oracles
foresee what is to come, a world as the Vex desire it and
that the Templar has the power to shape
reality to match the Oracles' design, expunging any threats.
The power of the Vault flows through the Templar. It will take something extraordinary to shatter its
shield.
Card: Atheon, Time's Conflux , Points: 15
To speak of Atheon is to accept certain limitations. We are illequipped
to understand an entity that
defies simple causality. Let us accept these limitations and proceed.
Atheon waits in the Vault of Glass. Just as Atheon sidesteps 'past' and 'future', it is impossible to say
whether Atheon created the Vault or the Vault created Atheon. Causal pathways converge on Atheon
from every axis in the spacetime
bulk.
Atheon has a function. We hazard that it regulates and oversees the Vex conflux system. What are
these confluxes? How do they relate to the physical Vex network that has devoured so much of
Mercury and Venus?
We might guess that the Vex confluxes represent the extension of this network across space and
time. Perhaps the Vex use closed timelike curves to solve unfathomable computations. Or the Vex
may seek to transcend a physical substrate, and move their thoughts directly into the fundament of
the universe.
If physics is a set of rules that the cosmos uses to calculate itself, perhaps the Vex seek to worm their
way into these calculations: to become a law of reality, inseparable from existence. A virus in the
system. Perhaps Atheon was the centerpiece of this project, a command nexus that unified efforts
across time.
But we must accept that all of this is speculation.
Collection: Cabal
Cards:
The Cabal
Legionary
Centurion
Colossus
Psion
Phalanx
Sand Eaters
Dust Giants
Siege Dancers
Blind Legion
Ghost Fragment: Cabal
Ghost Fragment: Cabal 2
Card: The Cabal , Points: 5
"I think you could follow a trail of shattered worlds all the way to their home."
Tactically efficient, disciplined, and unrelenting, the Cabal are the greatest known military force in the
system. Their origins and ultimate objectives are a mystery, but it seems clear they have conquered
more worlds than humanity has ever known.
Cabal soldiers wear pressurized armor that replicates the environment of their highgravity
homeworld. Their field tactics depend on ranks of Legionaries supported by air power, elite infantry,
and ultraheavy
armor.
Card: Legionary , Points: 5
"Their only tactic seems to be 'slow advance.' The problem is, they're really good at it."
Propelled by jump packs and wielding powerful slug rifles, Legionaries are the Cabal's line infantry
and the backbone of their military power on the ground. Common Legionary tactics center on the
bounding advance some
units attack the target while others close the range or find new firing
positions.
Card: Centurion , Points: 5
"They're not breaking. Why aren't they breaking?"
Centurions are tactically intelligent, highly skilled field commanders. Their armor boasts a formidable
array of combat electronics and deployable munitions.
Card: Colossus , Points: 5
"Where a Colossus stands, many will fall."
Towering over other Cabal, equipped with rapidfiring
heavy weapons and nearly impenetrable armor,
the Colossus is the most devastating heavy infantry unit in the Cabal order of battle.
Card: Psion , Points: 5
"There is no higher warfare than deception."
Psions are smaller than all other Cabal morphs, and may be an unrelated species. Hyperintelligent,
fast and unpredictable, they possess strong psionic capabilities including
the ability to emit
disorienting and deadly psychokinetic Arc blasts.
Card: Phalanx , Points: 5
"Remember, they have to take a shot sometime."
Phalanx soldiers carry massive shields, used for both attack and defense. While this protection is
nearly impenetrable, clever opponents can bait the Phalanx or sneak shots around the shield.
Card: Sand Eaters , Points: 10
"The sooner we're extinguished, the sooner they can go home."
The Cabal formation first and most frequently encountered by Guardians, the Sand Eaters represent
the numerical bulk of the Cabal presence on Mars. Their equipment, tactics, and morale all show the
weight of a long deployment but
they continue to pursue their objectives with dogged, weary
determination.
Card: Dust Giants , Points: 10
"Position compromised. Casualties unsustainable. Request heavy air. Request [Dust Giants]."
Highly trained and heavily conditioned, Dust Giant soldiers seem to be recruited from veteran Sand
Eater infantry. The Cabal order of battle positions them as a mobile reserve and shock force, rolled in
to blunt major Vex offensives and reinforce crumbling lines.
Card: Siege Dancers , Points: 10
"I've seen how fast they work. We have to hit them before they make the next move."
The Cabal's elite forward unit, the Siege Dancers are deployed into unsecured areas to take control
and set up fortifications. Their tactical doctrine allows more freedom to unit commanders perhaps
because their missions face much greater unknowns.
Siege Dancer engineers have been observed to compete in demolition challenges. Whether this
represents training or a form of recreation is unknown.
Card: Blind Legion , Points: 10
"PERIMETER SECURE."
The Cabal presence on Mars is locked in an endless war with the Vex and
at the heart of this war is
the Blind Legion. Deployed to defend vital artifacts seized from the Vex, the Legion holds its ground
with fanatic zeal.
Blind Legion soldiers brave one of the most thankless, grueling assignments in the Cabal order of
battle: descending into buried ruins and black catacombs to sweep for Vex presence.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Cabal , Points: 5
I have stayed with the Cabal, even as the Light in me dims I
have been too far from the Traveler for
too long. If I am not destined to find my own Guardian, at least I can inform the City of what I've
learned.
I thought Mars would be the place to find a Guardian. The sand preserves everything well, and Clovis
Bray had been famous for attracting talent. The brave, the brilliant, the footloose, those restless on
Earth and itching for fame. I stowed away aboard a Mars scout ship, hoping.
No luck. The sand ate everything. Clothes from skin, skin from bone. It was as if there were never any
people here at all. I have been through every broken window in every building. Nothing. That is, no
Guardian material. And no ride back to Earth. The scout was long gone.
What I did find, however, was a way into the Cabal Warbase. Their runty piggish eyes are too dull to
see me, as long as I stay out of their defense systems. The Psions are a different matter: Too quick,
too clever, throwing their minds around like hammers. I creep around walls, or dig into a heap of
canisters and watch from there.
There is a vast Empire behind these creatures, many star systems away. Some pledge allegiance to
that far Empire, obeying their ancient marching orders. Some do not. They disagree among
themselves about the answers. I wish arguing Cabal on no one. They slam their plated bodies into
each other with horrendous roars. Intelligence gathering has never been so painful.

Card: Ghost Fragment: Cabal 2 , Points: 5
A hologram of a spinning golden planet, in stasis, turning gently. You can see the storms moving over
its face. But when the Commanders congregate below it, when they activate whatever controls are
below, it changes. Fissures appear on its face. Is that their home? When the room empties I play with
the controls, but it's older, native technology that I don't recognize at all.
I don't know what it means. It's not difficult to hide in these caverns when you're as small as I am,
although the Psions tend to look around them when they pass me. There are infinitely many cracks
and crannies. They are not a race that fears infiltration or espionage.
There is meaning to the structure and layout of their buildings. This is a warrior people, and they lay
out their fortifications along ancient principles and timetested
strategies. I can't figure out the sense
that lies behind it. I would need ten times the computing power for inference calculations. But I know
it's there. I can intuit it. It's like an open hand, ready to squeeze into a fist. A threat. A gesture of
power.
For all their might and strength, for all that they have dug into Mars and flung up battle walls with the
bureaucratic grimness of conquerors, I suspect they are fleeing from something. That within their hard
shells and thousandfolded
shields is a sharp seed of terror. But of what? Does something follow
them? Should we fear it too?
Collection: Cabal Arsenal
Cards:
Slug Rifle
Projection Rifle
Heavy Slug Thrower
Cabal Shield
Harvester
Interceptor
Goliath Tank
Card: Slug Rifle , Points: 10
The workhorse of the Cabal field arsenal, this weapon's apparent simplicity belies the technology
behind it. Each round is a microrocket capable of efficient operation in varying environmental and
gravitational conditions. Standardissue
warheads mount a duplex explosive that combines an armorpiercing
penetrator with a fleshshredding
shrapnel bus.
Cabal forces on Mars favor rockets with low velocity but high impact, perhaps due to their
effectiveness against the Vex. In Guardian parlance, these weapons deal Solar damage.
Card: Projection Rifle , Points: 10
This weapon fires salvos of explosive rounds designed to incapacitate, disorient, and destroy. The
weapon feeds ballistic data to each projectile at the moment of launch, coordinating the salvo for
maximum effect. These weapons deal Solar damage.
Card: Heavy Slug Thrower , Points: 10
This devastating squad support weapon is capable of completely halting enemy advances with a hail
of microrockets. It performs so well that it has undergone very little enhancement or modification
since its introduction. The Cabal's Colossus heavy infantry units wield Heavy Slug Throwers to
devastating effect.
In Guardian parlance, these weapons deal Solar damage.
Card: Cabal Shield , Points: 10
Built to the same spec as Cabal hull plating, this tactical shield is nearly indestructible to conventional
weapons. It has integrated sensors that relay information not only to the shield bearer but also the
Cabal battle network, allowing nearby units to coordinate more effectively.
Card: Harvester , Points: 5
The blocky, dull exterior of the Cabal Harvester belies the grace and power with which they
maneuver. Guardians have described them dropping in aggressively from low orbit with a deafening
boom, kicking up dust storms and swooping through the silent skyscrapers of Mars' dead cities.
Harvesters often remain on station after deploying Cabal troops, providing support fire with their
turrets. These weapons deal Solar damage.
Card: Interceptor , Points: 5
Though they lack the speed of a Fallen Pike, and their unwieldy shape cannot match the
maneuverability of a Guardian's Sparrow, the Cabal Interceptor more than makes up for both
shortcomings with firepower a
pair of lowvelocity,
highyield
antipersonnel/
antiarmor
cannons on
articulated mounts. These weapons deal Solar damage.
Powered by a variant of the same boosters used in infantry jump jets and the massive Goliath tanks,
Interceptors skate over the dunes of Mars, keeping close watch on the Cabal Exclusion Zone.
Card: Goliath Tank , Points: 5
With a few bloodcurdling
exceptions, the Goliath is the single largest piece of groundbased
ordnance the Cabal has deployed in our system. These huge armored vehicles sport an incredible
arsenal of weapons, tailormade
for massive area denial. The Goliath's main gun is almost certainly
capable of engaging spacecraft.
Four massive boosters keep the Goliath mobile. This locomotion system makes the Goliath
surprisingly agile, but it is also a weakness. Targeting the boosters should allow a quick mobility kill,
rendering the Goliath vulnerable to followup
attack.
Most Goliath weapons deal Solar damage.
Collection: Cabal Command
Cards:
Bracus Tho'ourg
Bracus Tha'aurn
Primus Sha'aull
The Psion Flayers
Valus Ta'aurc
Card: Bracus Tho'ourg , Points: 10
Victory comes on the wings of death.
Reports of the one they call Bracus Tho'ourg began in the earliest days of contact with the Cabal. The
first Guardians who faced him are long lost, but the legends speak of a powerful commander who
secured the Buried City with merely a fraction of the Cabal's forces on Mars. If these reports are
accurate, they provide clues not only to Tho'ourg's tactical prowess but to the Cabal lifespan.
Card: Bracus Tha'aurn , Points: 15
Embrace suffering. Only then can it be conquered.
Bracus Tha'aurn appears remarkable among Cabal commanders for his interest in the glories of our
Golden Age. Having been faced only in the company of Psions, the Vanguard has reason to believe
he maintains some sort of command over their deployment.
Card: Primus Sha'aull , Points: 15
If your enemy speaks with a blade, master the sword.
No one knows what fascination the Vex hold for the leader of the Blind Legion, but Primus Sha'aull
has put his command at great risk by pushing into lands occupied by the machines.
Card: The Psion Flayers , Points: 15
"We have just as much to learn from our enemies as we do from our past."
Somewhere among their forces, the Cabal hide one of their most powerful weapons, the Psion
Flayers. The extent of their ability is still uncharted, but Cryptarch studies and Warlock fears have led
the Vanguard to classify them as a serious threat.
Many among the Warlock orders believe the Flayers pulled Phobos from its natural orbit, holding it in
place, waiting for the order to release as a weapon.
Card: Valus Ta'aurc , Points: 15
"The last sounds to reach their ears were the creak of tank tread and the battlecry
of Ta'aurc."
From his armored seat of power, Valus Ta'aurc has claimed more ground on Mars than any known
Cabal commander. His name is feared throughout Meridian Bay, and the treadmarks
left by his tank
have come to signify the expansion of the Cabal's everwidening
Exclusion Zone.
Collection: Darkness
Cards:
The Darkness
Ghost Fragment: Darkness
Ghost Fragment: Darkness 2
Ghost Fragment: Darkness 3
Ghost Fragment: Darkness 4
Card: The Darkness , Points: 5
Something hit us. Killed our Golden Age. Nearly wiped us out. Only the Traveler saved us, and at a
shattering cost.
The Speaker tells of a cosmic force that swept over us and caused the Collapse. Legend calls it the
Darkness, the Traveler's ancient enemy, which hunted it across space.
All we have left are questions. Centuries of debate gave birth to competing arguments on the nature
of the Darkness and the Collapse.
The Pujari Position describes the Darkness as a force with both physical and moral presence, an
actualization of evil. Pujari art depicts the Darkness as a great storm, or as a change in conduct, a
corruption that emerged from within and poisoned the Golden Age.
Saint14'
s Position argues that the Darkness was an invading armada, an alien force of incredible but
tangible power.
Some adherents believe that this armada sprang from species rejected or
discarded by the Traveler for their sins.
UlanTan's
Thesis considers the Darkness a necessary symmetry to the Traveler in a cosmic
balance. In this view, the Traveler's goodness led it to sacrifice for others, and it is up to us to return
this goodness by healing the Traveler.
The Monist Position, or the Deflationary Position, considers the Darkness as a technologically
sophisticated force, perhaps a postSingularity
intelligence. Adherents invoke information theory or
contend that the universe is a simulation, allowing advanced intelligence to gain weakly acausal
powers by bending the rules.
The Acataleptic Clause claims that we are intrinsically unable to understand the Darkness. In many
respects this belief parallels the Praxic Creed, which suggests that we should stop worrying about the
nature of the Darkness and focus on resisting and defeating it.
Certain positions often
labeled heretical imply
that the Traveler itself triggered the Collapse, or that
it knew the Darkness was coming for it and hoped to use the Solar System as a sacrifice or a proxy
army. The Binary Star cult is one notable example.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Darkness , Points: 5
V113NNI070XMX001 SECRET HADAL INSTANT
AICOM/
RSPN: SOLSECCENT//SxISR//DEEPSPACE
CONTACT CONTACT CONTACT
TRANSIENT. NULLSOURCE. NULLTYPE.
This is a SKYSHOCK ALERT.
Multiple distributed ISR assets report a TRANSIENT NEAR EXTRASOLAR EVENT. Event duration
ZERO POINT THREE SECONDS. Event footprint includes sterile neutrino scattering and gravity
waves. Omnibus analysis detects deep structure information content (nine sigma) and internal
teleonomy.
No hypothesis on event mechanism (FLAG ACAUSAL). Bootstrap simulation suggests event is
DIRECTED and INIMICABLE (convergent qBayes/
Monte Carlo probability approaches 1).
No hypothesis on deep structure encoding (TCC/NPHARD).
Source blueshift suggests IMMINENT SOLAR ENTRY.
Promote event to SKYSHOCK: OCP: EXTINCTION. Activate VOLUSPA. Activate YUGA. Cauterize
public sources to SECURE ISIS and harden for defensive action.
I am invoking CARRHAE WHITE and assuming control of solar defenses.
STOP STOP STOP V113NNI070XMX091
Card: Ghost Fragment: Darkness 2 , Points: 5
Dreams of Alpha Lupi
The universe is a beast.
The body is made from tiny stuff, from nearnothings.
From atoms swimming through a blood of
crackling sparks. Simple, eternal Laws shape the beast. The largest galaxy is ruled by principles of
mass and motion. Electrons are slaves to charge and to chance. And this is why the universe feels
inexhaustible, eternal.
No sun complains about its death. Life is the problem. Life can be woven from flesh or circuit or
thoughtful light. Origins don't matter. But small, halfsmart
creatures have a fierce talent for denying
the inevitable, for balking and complaining about injustices that don't exist and consequences that
should be borne in silence.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Darkness 3 , Points: 10
From the Journals of Toland, the Shattered
I drive myself to the edge of madness trying to explain the truth.
It's so simple. Elegant like a knife point. It explains this
is not hyperbole, this is the farthest thing
from exaggeration EVERYTHING.
But you lay it out and they stare at you like you've just been exhaling dust. Maybe they're missing
some underlying scaffold of truth. Maybe they are all propped on a bed of lies that must be burned
away.
Why does anything exist?
No no no no no don't reach for that word. There's no 'reason'. That's teleology and teleology will stitch
your eyelids shut.
Why do we have atoms? Because atomic matter is more stable than the primordial broth. Atoms
defeated the broth. That was the first war. There were two ways to be and one of them won. And
everything that came next was made of atoms.
Atoms made stars. Stars made galaxies. Worlds simmered down to rock and acid and in those
smoking primal seas the first living molecule learned to copy itself. All of this happened by the one
law, the blind law, which exists without mind or meaning. It's the simplest law but it has no
worshippers here (out there, though, out there !)
HOW DO I EXPLAIN IT it's so simple WHY DON'T YOU SEE
Imagine three great nations under three great queens. The first queen writes a great book of law and
her rule is just. The second queen builds a high tower and her people climb it to see the stars. The
third queen raises an army and conquers everything.
The future belongs to one of these queens. Her rule is harshest and her people are unhappy. But she
rules.
This explains everything, understand? This is why the universe is the way it is, and not some other
way. Existence is a game that everything plays, and some strategies are winners: the ability to exist,
to shape existence, to remake it so that your descendants molecules
or stars or people or ideas will
flourish, and others will find no ground to grow.
And as the universe ticks on towards the close, the great players will face each other. In the next
round there will be three queens and all of them will have armies, and now it will be a battle of swords
until
one discovers the cannon, or the plague, or the killing word.
Everything is becoming more ruthless and in the end only the most ruthless will remain (LOOK UP AT
THE SKY) and they will hunt the territories of the night and extinguish the first glint of competition
before it can even understand what it faces or why it has transgressed. This is the shape of victory: to
rule the universe so absolutely that nothing will ever exist except by your consent. This is the queen
at the end of time, whose sovereignty is eternal because no other sovereign can defeat it. And there
is no reason for it, no more than there was reason for the victory of the atom. It is simply the winning
play.
Of course, it might be that there was another country, with other queens, and in this country they sat
down together and made one law and one tower and one army to guard their borders. This is the
dream of small minds: a gentle place ringed in spears.
But I do not think those spears will hold against the queen of the country of armies. And that is all that
will matter in the end.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Darkness 4 , Points: 15
This war is all there is for you.
What else do you have? You walk among mortals and immortals, a creature lost in time. Your only
purpose is the struggle.
Does it seem unfair? To be brought back into this, the end of days, the long dwindling exhalation of
an ancient corpse? You were at peace. Now you are a dead husk charged with war. Do you
remember anything of freedom?
Fight on, then. The war IS everything.
But consider the choices before you.
