Theme: Guardian
Theme: Guardian
Collections:
Classes
Races
Ghost
SubClasses
Melee Abilities
Grenade Abilities
Movement Modes
Super Abilities
Collection: Classes
Cards:
Guardians
Titan
Ghost Fragment: Titan
Hunter
Ghost Fragment: Hunter
Warlock
Ghost Fragment: Warlock
Ghost Fragment: Warlock 2
Card: Guardians , Points: 0
"Legends are carved across history by the brave."
Guardians are warriors forged in the Traveler's Light, a final hope in a universe falling into Darkness.
Chosen from the dead by the Traveler's Ghosts, Guardians are those rare few able to wield the Light
as a weapon. For centuries they have defended the City. But that defense cannot hold forever.
Now, with the Darkness rising again, the time has come to retake our lost worlds. The Guardians who
lead the way will save humanity and
become legend.
Card: Titan , Points: 0
"Strive for honor. Stand for hope."
Titans are warriors heroic
defenders of the Light, channeling the gifts of the Traveler to wage war on
the Darkness. Steadfast and sure, Titans face any challenge headon,
blunt force instruments of the
Traveler's will.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Titan , Points: 5
/ Tighten that strap.
/ Eh?
/ The gardbrace is loose. Could slip.
/ Huh.
/ It's new?
/ Agema. Type 1.
/ How's it hold up? I tried using Agema at the Gap, remember? It didn't well,
what's this?
/ A Ghost!
/ Yes. Light be with you.
/ Excuse me, little Ghost Tubach,
pass me my helmet thank
you. Little Ghost, what are you doing
here?
/ It's just looking around.
/ Where's your Guardian?
/ I don't think it has one.
/ Well, any servant of the Light is welcome among us. We are Holborn's Host, and I'm Holborn. The
City's hand on Mars.
/ Tubach.
/ That's Tubach, my second. One of the finest Titans of the City. Now see here, little Ghost, on my
shoulder? That's the mark of Holborn's Host. Record it. The twelvepointed
star. One for each of the oh
well, off it goes! It doesn't look well.
/ We should get moving.
/ A Ghost without a Guardian. I remember when I was risen, you know. When I woke in that
wreckage, to see my Ghost hovering there, its light in my eyes, like an angel. And it said /
This story again.
/ Disrespectful youngster.
/ Youngster? I could be older than you, Tibon!
/ True. The gardbrace is fine now. Stop worrying at it. Will you take the Jigoku?
/ Thought I'd take the long rifle. Bayle has the Jigoku.
/ Good. That Ghost what
do you think is wrong with it? It's echoing something ancient, an Old Earth
language. You know what that Ghost reminds me of, flitting about over there?
/ I don't.
/ The time Ghosts from Jagi's Host came back without them. Remember they
got in that fight at
some point east of the Caspian? Seven Ghosts, damn near silent, buzzing with some sort of
corruption. Drifting back to the Tower, one by one. Scared the Speaker well enough.
/ I remember. A long time ago. Jagi tells the story differently.
/ Well. We all grow old. In our way. Little Ghost! Come back here!
/ It's not going to make it, wherever it's going.
/ I want to talk to it. Little Ghost!
/ Lyssa and Bayle are probably there already.
/ Cabal move slowly. We've got time.
/ But the Warlocks have had a vision.
/ Yes. That new one, what's her name. Ingora?
/ Ikora.
/ She's always been hasty. I've faced these Cabal before. I know 'em like I know my own armor.
/ Message from Lyssa. "At the Dust Palace, now. All quiet."
/ See? All quiet. Why not come with us, little Ghost? We are looking for the old Warmind here, and the
one who guards it.
Card: Hunter , Points: 0
"Our old worlds have grown feral rabid
beasts with teeth of rust and ruin. But such beasts
are meant to be tamed. Or broken."
Hunters stalk the wilderness beyond the City, harnessing the Light to reclaim the secrets of our lost
worlds. They are daring scouts and stealthy killers, expert with knives and precision weapons.
Hunters blaze their own trails and write their own laws.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Hunter , Points: 5
She leaves the Sparrow and climbs a long way across spars of volcano rock and between vents of
blue fire. Down below the Ishtar ruins spark with skirmish light but the guns seem as distant and brief
as the constant starfall and the brooding crater high above. She is alone on the rock. She goes on
with her head down so as to fight the sense that she is going to fall up off the world and burn like an
inverse meteor.
The message that brought her to this place had no sign but she could hear Cayde in it. Draksis in the
Cinders it said. Is it true?
And also: Remember your promise.
At dawn she finds a sentry and kills it with her knife. Its throat bleeds gas. She takes its post and lays
out her bullets one by one on the rock as if to make a count of all the years she has been waiting. Her
rifle is near as long as she is tall. She lies down by her bullets and uses them to kill the other sentries
one by one until at last they understand the thunder and the Shanks rise up angry from the Cinders
below to seek her out.
She leaves the rifle and walks across the naked obsidian into the swarm firing from the hip as she
goes, each kick of the old revolver a word, Draksis, Draksis, Kell of Winter, Kell of hate, lord of the
kingdom of her vendetta. Her jaw aches. She used to imagine biting out his throat with armored teeth.
The stone smokes around her where the arc fire lashes it and the shrapnel guns throw up leaves of
obsidian like glass butterflies. She shoots her bandoliers dry and a team of Vandals in glassy stealth
leap up to rush her with knives but she raises her hand and burns them down with the golden gun,
laughing, crying out Draksis, Draksis, I am come!
She kills them all and takes the next ridge, high above the Cinders. She can see the bluegreen
pools
and the cave mouths where the Vex lights dance. And there among them, gowned in smoke and ash,
is the long shark shape of a Ketch, a Wintership, the Kell's ship, come down to nest.
She could go down there now and finish this. But she made a promise.
A Captain jumps her. She throws two knives into his armor and then staves his chest in with her own
Ghost, wrapped up in her fist like a stone.
"Tell the Vanguard," she says to her Etherspattered
fist. "Tell them Draksis is here."
Her Ghost looks up at her in silence. When she makes no move to go down the cliff towards the ship
it blinks once, in its own way, and makes a soft sound, like a sigh, like relief.
Card: Warlock , Points: 0
"We have found new ways to weaponize curiosity. Pathways into the darkness."
Warriorscholars
of the Light, Warlocks devote themselves to understanding the Traveler and its
power. A Warlock's mind is an arsenal of deadly secrets, balanced between godhood and madness.
On the battlefield, those secrets can shatter reality itself.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Warlock , Points: 5
Why did I set her on the trail?
You try and try and try to explain, but no one ever understands. No one who's not a Warlock. Who
hasn't spent a dozen years scouring the ruins for one string of symbols, one clean code, one black
talon. Titans just make a hmphing noise, if they've stayed awake. Hunters clean their nails with their
knives and look at you like you've grown a third eye.
But when you've spent your life searching through arcana for ancient power, you have the urge to
reach out and educate others. Especially if you've had one too many.
Nah, she's not my type at all. We've played dice, cards, war games, you know, the usual stuff. I'd
never tried to show off before. I don't know what came over me.
I had a broken vertebrae in my pocket that I'd borrowed from yes,
borrowed, I was going to put it
back what
do you think you are, my conscience? It was a fossil, that means mineral replacement, a
rock, basically. They can survive a few hours in my pocket. Do shut up.
The Cryptarchs weren't going to miss it. Everyone knows the Ahamkaras were hunted to extinction.
There's nothing to be afraid of anymore.
Think of how mysterious this system is, I said. How much life sprang up when the Traveler came. Like
the Ahamkara. Do you know the legends? The dragon that made promises? And I pulled out the fossil
with a flourish She
pulled out her knife and started to pick the dirt from her nails. That set me off.
You could never have brought down one of these, I said. Ever. Not the greatest Hunter, not the
brawniest Titan.
Her eyes narrowed. She said, Oh? Is that so? And I saw right then that she wasn't going to pass on
the challenge.
I've murdered a Guardian, I thought. She's going to die. It'll be my fault.
And I looked at the piece of spine in my hand and wondered why
did I say that? What moved me to
such pride?
Card: Ghost Fragment: Warlock 2 , Points: 5
My name is Eriana3,
disciple of the Praxic Warlocks, marked by the Cormorant Seal. We came here
under one banner, united in a host of thousands, to claim the Moon. But the battle goes against us. I
have taken a prisoner and this is the record of its interrogation. If I transgress in your eyes I ask for
your forgiveness.
[sound of current or discharge]
/Eriana. It responds to pain.
It responds to the Light. Hurt it again. Monster, heed me. Who is your master with the sword?
[static event]
I can hear it. In my head. The swordbearer's name is CROTA. Record that.
/Should I burn it again?
No. I think you're only feeding it. I will touch its mind. Ghost help.
They call you Wizard. You must be ancient. I think you value power very much. Will you still be
powerful without this piece of your mind?
Tell me how to kill Crota.
[static event]
It showed me the battle. It showed me Wei Ning dead on Crota's blade. It showed me how Crota
killed a Guardian with a screaming knife hammered out of his own Ghost.
So I will take a piece of its mind, and ask again.
Tell me how to kill Crota.
[static event]
Incredible. Where? Where is his throne? Where is the twilight world under the dead star eye?
/Eriana there's word from the company in Mare Imbrium. Crota is upon them. Half a hundred dead.
They need us.
Tell me where! Tell me how! TELL ME!
[static event]
/Eriana what did it say It
showed me how it did this, just exactly this, to an Awoken man, the knives arranged by its will, like
little silver ships, like Ghosts It
laughed at me. It said we were the same.
/Crota marches with a thousand Knights and they say the sky above Mare Imbrium has turned into
green fire. They are dying in numbers I cannot bear to repeat. He kills them one by one with a sword
that eats their Light. Eriana, we have to do something Kill
the Wizard. Scatter the ash. It has nothing but lies to offer.
Get your Sparrows. We have Light and fury. That will be enough.
Collection: Races
Cards:
Human
Ghost Fragment: Human
Ghost Fragment: Human 2
Ghost Fragment: Human 3
Ghost Fragment: Human 4
Awoken
Ghost Fragment: Awoken
Ghost Fragment: Awoken 2
Exo
Ghost Fragment: Exo
Ghost Fragment: Exo 2
Card: Human , Points: 0
"This was our world, our solar system. We were here first. And no matter what the darkness
brings, we will be here at the dawn."
Humans are survivors, tough and resilient, descended from those who built a Golden Age only to see
it ripped away. Now, after an age of retreat and desperate struggle, they fight to take back their solar
system and claim a new future.
There are those who believe the Traveler chose Earth for a reason. Now it is humanity's obligation to
prove itself worthy of the Traveler's faith.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Human , Points: 5
From the diaries of Commander Jacob Hardy, pilot, Ares One
The mission is a go. Crew of three: Mihaylova, Qiao, myself. Immediate departure at the next
Hohmann window to Mars. The MREs and return ships will chase us out.
How do I feel? I said at the press conference I felt privileged. Historians will read this diary, but it won't
take their insight to tell the world that I'm terrified. It's the human reaction.
What I wish I could convey is the the
exhilaration. That's the biggest thing. I'm not a spiritual man,
but I've always believed there's something transcendent about spaceflight. Something pure. We go
out there because we can. Because it's who we are.
Now we go because we have to. Because the unknown came to us. In fourteen months we'll be face
to face with it, and by the time we arrive, it should be active again just
like it was active on Jupiter,
and Mercury, and Venus.
I wonder what happens if it doesn't stop at Mars. I wonder if it'll leave us there in the sand, and come
to Earth, and do here what it's done everywhere else.
I hate that we're carrying weapons. I understand the necessity. But I hold to my belief: there's
something beautiful out there.
It's up to us to reach it.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Human 2 , Points: 5
From the diaries of Commander Jacob Hardy, pilot, Ares One
Everybody asks about the words.
The truth is I'm not much of a poet. Ares One didn't leave us with bandwidth for anything except blunt
competence. We came in perilously hot, trying to select a landing site through the chaos of thickening
atmosphere and turbulence that bloomed off the target. A twenty minute roundtrip
lightspeed delay to
Earth meant we could only count on ourselves.
When the number three engine went diagnostic during the second course correction, I thought we
might go catastrophic.
But Qiao brought us in. Mihaylova brought us in. I just flew the ship.
The Ares One excursion vehicle was built for thin winds and icy dust. We came down into a storm: the
breath of God, a ripple of change rolling down off the artifact. We aborted on three sites and finally I
took us into powered hover and brought us down on reflexes and instinct.
Then we ran the checklists, suited up, and left the vehicle.
There was a script, and it's true, I botched it. I got my boots down and I made the most famous gaffe
in human history. Said the first thing that came to mind: a warning to the others.
"We're walking into a rising wind."
I didn't mean to say anything immortal. I just thought it'd be useful to know.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Human 3 , Points: 10
From the diaries of Commander Jacob Hardy, pilot, Ares One
The hike from Ares One.
You've watched it. Everything was recorded. I think you can get it in full immersion, now, and fly
around like a hummingbird. I'll add what I can.
The route was planned. We all went together the
CEV and Ares One itself had enough automation
to go home alone in the event of crew loss. Whatever we'd find at the artifact, it needed the human
element.
We carried rifles. They made us heavier and slower and probably less safe. I think the argument
about the rifles can be left for another time. What's important is It
turned out well. Look at me. Look at us! You're talking to a ninetyyearold
man. A ninetyyearold
who's never been sharper. I'm miles ahead of every cognitive benchmark.
What's happened to me is good. What's happened to all of us is good. When we crested that rise and
made visual contact with the artifact I don't think any one of us dared dream that it would end this
well.
We went to Mars at the cutting edge of human civilization. And it wasn't our weapons that won the
day.
It was our ship. Our training. Our camaraderie. Our belief that if we just reached out to the universe,
not to grasp for profit or security but with an open hand, we would be elevated.
We were right. That makes me so happy. To this day.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Human 4 , Points: 15
From the diaries of Commander Jacob Hardy, pilot, Ares One
Three human beings stood on a high ridge and saw the shape of the future. Saw rain strike a
millenniaold
desert. Felt the air sweeten with oxygen and warm water and the beginnings of life.
I am sometimes asked if I felt something die. The end of the era of human selfsufficiency.
I don't know how to answer that question. I do know that I was changed. Nobody could experience
that kind of wonder and remain unchanged. The decades since have proven that to me.
I knew I'd never fly another mission like that. I recognized the need for a new love. That's why I threw
my fresh cognitive skills into understanding the Traveler. How can one entity so quickly and utterly
remake an entire world? Fifty years later, I'm conversant in high mathematics, particularly topological
thoughts and the slippery irreality of Light. I'm involved in a project to study the Traveler's terraforming
actions right now.
But I still enjoy the interviews. I like going back to that mission.
It makes me unspeakably happy to see how well it all turned out. And it makes me happy to
remember I was there.

Card: Awoken , Points: 0
"The others sing this song of Light and Dark. We, together, have transcended such
unimaginative limitations."
It is said that the Awoken were born in the Collapse, descended from those who tried to flee its wrath.
Something happened to them out on the edge of the deep black, and they were forever changed.
Today many Awoken live in the distant Reef, aloof and mysterious. But others returned to Earth,
where their descendants now fight for the City.
Earthborn Awoken who venture out to the Reef, hoping to learn its secrets, find no special welcome
from the reclusive Queen.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Awoken , Points: 5
Reports from a derelict vessel boarded in the first known voyage to the Reef
Eleven hundred meter length.
Active gravity generation.
Residual heat. Fast neutron scatter.
Designation code: CORRUPTED
Date of commissioning: Unknown
Origin point: Unknown
Presumed to have collided/merged with onekilometer
comet: assessment based on depth of
hydrocarbon crust covering the hull, water content of soil, atmosphere of oxygen and carbon dioxide
with isotopic ratios placing the comet in the Oort population.
Lowlight
foliage grown from terrestrial stocks, mirrors focusing starlight into growth
chambers...resident fauna...five insect species, plus rats descended from uncertain ancestors.
Surface heavily wooded until recently, unknown event triggering firestorm...seventy percent of world
forest consumed, atmosphere laced with smoke and particulates...free oxygen in short supply.
No distress calls noted. No evidence of crew or passengers on exterior.
Interior scans inconclusive.
Cleared to attempt approach.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Awoken 2 , Points: 5
Card: Ghost Fragment: Awoken 2 , Points: 5
I was nothingness. If I existed before, I existed as possibility, as potential, stretched thin across the
aether. And maybe there was a body that looked like my body, complete with a soul that could be
confused for someone rather like me. What I am now was not yet real. And then I was born, and the
universe was free to begin.
Others were present at my birth.
A great ceremony had just begun. Because newborns are selfish beasts, I assumed I was the object
of attention.
I didn't notice the singing until the singers fell silent. And then She appeared.
She was above me. Ethereal and handsome and elegant. I assumed my face was like her face and
that odd idea gave me strength enough to smile.
"Secrets," she said. "Creation is built on secrets and the encryptions that keep those secrets safe."
I made my first sound. It meant nothing but she understood it as a question.
"We are a beautiful creation," she said. "And we must keep ourselves very safe."
Card: Exo , Points: 0
"Ask yourself: what threatened your Golden Age ancestors so much that they constructed the
Exos to defend themselves?"
Built for a longforgotten
struggle, Exos are selfaware
war machines so advanced that nothing short
of a Ghost can understand their inner functions. They remain ciphers, even to themselves: their
origins and purpose lost to time.
Whoever built the Exos fashioned them in humanity's image, gifting them with diversity of mind and
body. Many of the City's Exo citizens live and work alongside their organic brethren. But others fight
again, reforged
in the Light of the Traveler to serve as Guardians.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Exo , Points: 5
which
in the end is just a matter of substrate chauvinism. It doesn't matter if the system thinks with
flesh or superconductor or topological braids in doped metallic hydrogen, as long as the logic is the
same. And our logic is the same. Yours and mine.
If I am a machine then so are you. If you are not a machine then neither am I. Exo minds are human.
It is incontrovertible.
You understand? I'm going to take that slackjawed
stare as understanding.
Now here's the real question. Why are Exo minds human? What's the design imperative? Why does a
war machine yes,
absolutely, I am a war machine, built by human hands; and you are a survival
machine built by the engine of evolution. Don't interrupt me.
Why does a war machine have emotions? Why should a war machine have awareness? These are
not useful traits on the battlefield. Don't flatter yourself. They are not useful. So why should the Exo
mind mimic the human architecture so closely?
You know what I smell on you? I smell the stink of anthropocentrism. I think you think that there's only
one way to think. That's why the Exo mind is so human, you presume. Because all higher thought
converges.
My friend, you should meet the Vex. There is nothing human in them.
Now. This is what I believe happened, back in the time before any Exo can remember. It explains
everything.
I think someone wanted to live forever.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Exo 2 , Points: 5
Hi. Thanks for your interest. I'm recording this for posterity.
Warlock thanatonauts die and come back with insight. I'm going to attempt the same process to get at
buried memories. Specifically, I'm going to fire a charged particle beam into my head and see what
comes out. We Exos have been around a very long time. I want to know what's in there.
My Ghost is standing by to repair me.
Okay. Three two one
STAG echo six SWORD sierra nine SERPENT
We are falling into the world. Everyone is on fire. There's a ship above us but it's coming apart just
like a flower, alloy and fusion flash, pierced through and through The
voice says Atmospheric interface. Trajectory nominal. Rabid two three you are outside the
window. (I think I am the voice)
I can see the whole earth below me and the sky we are falling out of is black without stars.
Ghost, shoot me again.
RAPID four RAMPART four RATCHET tango eight zero
We are on the ice. This is elsewhere and elsewhen. There is a mighty aurora and it is reflected in the
ice so I walk between two fires although the one below is cracked and full of corpses. I have and am a
weapon.
Up in the sky there is a hole in Jupiter and it tears at me when I look at it. It tears at me. It is hungry.
Maybe the hole is not in Jupiter but in me.
CROWN castle candor cobalt coral
Ghost bring me back.
serrate sulfur ANATHEMA amber actual aspen
Ghost bring me back now.
Collection: Ghost
Cards:
Ghosts
Dead Ghosts
Ghost Fragment: Ghosts
Card: Ghosts , Points: 0
"In its dying breath, the Traveler created the Ghosts...To seek out those who can wield its
Light as a weapon. Guardians, to protect us, and do what the Traveler itself no longer can."
Built from machinery and the Traveler's Light, Ghosts guide their Guardian companions in the quest
to reclaim our solar system.
Every Ghost seeks out its Guardian among the ancient dead. The Ghost serves as scout, librarian,
and mechanic, waking ancient machinery and cracking alien codes. In the right situations, a Ghost
can even save a Guardian from death.
But Ghosts are not immortal. As far as Guardians know, every loss is irreplaceable.
Card: Dead Ghosts , Points: 0
Battered and drained of their Light, these Ghosts are nevertheless valuable for the information they
preserve. Their recovered memories may well prove vital to the City's survival.
The problem of dead Ghosts troubles the City's scholars. Are new Ghosts still being born? Or is the
number of Ghosts dwindling? Will there come a day when no more remain an
end to the rise of new
Guardians?
If that day is coming, then the City faces a desperate race against time to heal the Traveler before
attrition takes its toll.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Ghosts , Points: 5
Beyond.
It is a place, a place casting shadows and emotion.
It's a real place, I know.
One hot blue sun, say. And other suns too. Five? I like seven better. What I'm recalling is a giant star
with a family of six smaller suns, and you could spend days and nights counting all of the planets
circling those suns...except there are no planets. Not anymore. The powers in charge have carved up
all of the worlds, and maybe a brown dwarf or two for good measure. With that rubble, they fashioned
a topologically creative enclosure, a twisting of space and time sealed behind doors that admit only
those who know the magic words. The bones of a hundred planets have been cut smooth and laid out
like a floor, a polished and lovely floor creating vast living spaces. A floor bigger than ten thousand
worlds, catching the fierce glory of the seven suns. For light, for food. For beauty. And nothing
escapes. Not heat, not gravity. Not even the faintest proud sound.
It could be anywhere. It can live in the cold between galaxies, or folded up inside matter, near enough
to touch right now...
I remember it and maybe it's exactly as I describe it. Seven suns wrapped inside magic. Or it's
something else entirely, perhaps. A place still fat with life. An abundance of sentient souls, some
decent, maybe a few of lesser quality, and everybody stands about or floats about, or they bounce
between dimensions. The point is that the residents of this hidden realm live inside a bottle so
perfectly hidden that they can't see beyond their own borders. Which shapes a mind in very specific
ways.
But, Beyond is their name for a mysterious, doubtful realm that they can't see.
Which is us, of course.
Collection: SubClasses
Cards:
Guardian Abilities
Ghost Fragment: Abilities
Striker
Defender
Gunslinger
Bladedancer
Voidwalker
Sunsinger
Card: Guardian Abilities , Points: 0
"There is a Light in you from which no Darkness can hide."
Only Guardians have the gift of the Traveler's Light the
ability to channel its energies to project vast
power into the world. Even without a firearm, a Guardian is a radiant engine of destruction.
While these abilities rise from within, Guardians master their power in different ways. Titans
understand the Light as a force to hone through practice and strict discipline. Hunters roam and
explore in order to learn, using dangerous methods to survive the wilds. And Warlocks study the Light
and its inner mechanisms, confronting unfathomable mysteries in the search for transcendent might.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Abilities , Points: 5
From Lord Saladin's Induction Speech
Nothing born is born strong.
I know I began weak, the same as you. I don't care if you're an Exo, staring at that number and
wondering where you've come from. Or a Human hungry to understand the ancient world that left you
for dead. Or an Awoken reborn in the very essence of what your people hide from. Together, we're
the pointed end of a long stick of happenstance. Change one ripple in an ancient ocean and we would
never have been granted the Light within us, or the good Ghosts that want to help us.
Humble origins.
Every world begins as a big pebble lost among trillions of pebbles. Every worthy sun was once cold
hydrogen spread thin across the vacuum. Even the universe, this cosmic garden that surrounds us
and awes us...this monument to Creation was once the size of an apple seed. And everything that's
splendid and great stands at the end of incalculable chance and mayhem.
Yes, you have talents. Enormous, wondrous powers. But you should put the smirk away. Do you
know what a Guardian is? Not yet. Your name is another pebble. You are a cold apple seed.
But you will grow.
Card: Striker , Points: 0
"At close quarters a fist is better than any gun."
Striker Titans charge into close combat, armored in Light and wielding fistfuls of thunder.
Striker tactics depend on shock and disciplined aggression. They must awe and scatter the enemy, or
risk being overwhelmed. Fellow Guardians prize their ability to draw fire as they shatter the enemy
line.
Card: Defender , Points: 0
"The wall against which the Darkness breaks."
Defender Titans are immovable anchors, trained to absorb punishment and control the flow of battle.
Armed with unflinching conviction and an armory of Void techniques, Defenders block the enemy's
movements, shrug off their fiercest weapons, and rally fellow Guardians to strike back.
Card: Gunslinger , Points: 0
"A lone wolf who lives for the perfect shot."
In the end, doesn't it all come down to you and your gun?
Don't see much else to say about it. That's just truth.
Card: Bladedancer , Points: 0
"Beautiful lethality, relentless style."
There's something to be said for the blade. A knife won't jam. A knife won't run dry. A knife is very,
very quiet.
Leave the noise and fire to others. There's work to be done, out there in the dark monsters
that
deserve death, delivered quickly, silently, and without mercy.
Card: Voidwalker , Points: 0
"Those who have stared into the Void are not bound by the laws of space and time."
The Traveler came out of the void that surrounds all things. Thus we know that the void is full of
power. Thus we enter the void without fear.
Small minds will call your abilities blasphemous. They will compare you to the abominable Wizards of
the Hive.
But you will not be held back. Gifted with the Traveler's Light, armed with the secret physics of a lost
age, you will tear reality asunder.
You will fear nothing, and nothing will not fear you.
Card: Sunsinger , Points: 0
"There are flames that even the Darkness cannot extinguish."
These are dark times. Humanity stands on the brink of extinction. We will carry fire into that darkness
a
beacon to guide the way, and a pyre to consume our great enemy.
The Light saved us from death and forged us into weapons. We seek to understand it, to embrace it,
to consume and be consumed by it. We hope to become radiant.
Our fellow Guardians need our power. Our civilization needs our strength.
Collection: Melee Abilities
Cards:
Punch
Stab
Palm
Card: Punch , Points: 0
The brute strength of a Titan's melee offers a fullforce
response to immediate danger.
Card: Stab , Points: 0
With their finely tuned reflexes, Hunters are naturally gifted with knives. The make and shape of the
perfect knife is a matter of endless debate.
Card: Palm , Points: 0
Curiosity gets a Warlock into trouble, and force of will gets a Warlock out. Even novices can shear
reality with a single deadly gesture.
Collection: Grenade Abilities
Cards:
Flashbang Grenade
Pulse Grenade
Lightning Grenade
Magnetic Grenade
Scatter Grenade
Suppressor Grenade
Skip Grenade
Arcbolt Grenade
Flux Grenade
Incendiary Grenade
Tripmine Grenade
Swarm Grenade
Solar Grenade
Firebolt Grenade
Fusion Grenade
Vortex Grenade
Spike Grenade
Axion Bolt
Card: Flashbang Grenade , Points: 0
An explosive grenade that disorients the enemies it damages, leaving them vulnerable to gunfire and
close combat.
Card: Pulse Grenade , Points: 0
A grenade that periodically damages enemies inside its explosion radius. An effective tool for area
denial.
Card: Lightning Grenade , Points: 0
A grenade that sticks to any surface, periodically emitting bolts of lightning.
Card: Magnetic Grenade , Points: 0
A grenade that attaches to enemies and explodes twice. Designed to crack the armor of hard targets.
Card: Scatter Grenade , Points: 0
A grenade that splits into many submunitions and covers a large area with explosions.
Card: Suppressor Grenade , Points: 0
An explosive grenade that prevents enemies from using abilities for a short time.
Card: Skip Grenade , Points: 0
A grenade which splits on impact, creating multiple projectiles which seek out enemies.
Card: Arcbolt Grenade , Points: 0
A grenade that chains bolts of lightning to nearby enemies, tidying up groups of hostiles.
Card: Flux Grenade , Points: 0
A grenade which deals additional damage when attached to enemies. Practice your toss.
Card: Incendiary Grenade , Points: 0
An explosive grenade that catches enemies on fire, causing additional damage over time.
Card: Tripmine Grenade , Points: 0
An explosive grenade that sticks to surfaces and detonates when enemies pass through its laser
trigger.
Card: Swarm Grenade , Points: 0
A grenade which detonates on impact, releasing multiple drones that seek nearby enemies.
Card: Solar Grenade , Points: 0
A grenade that creates a flare of Solar Light which continually damages enemies trapped inside.
Card: Firebolt Grenade , Points: 0
A grenade that unleashes bolts of Solar Light at nearby enemies.
Card: Fusion Grenade , Points: 0
An explosive grenade that causes bonus damage when attached to its target.
Card: Vortex Grenade , Points: 0
A grenade that creates a Vortex which continually damages enemies trapped inside.
Card: Spike Grenade , Points: 0
A grenade that attaches to any surface and emits a torrent of damaging Void Light.
Card: Axion Bolt , Points: 0
A bolt of Void Light which forks into smaller bolts on impact, seeking out enemies.
Collection: Movement Modes
Cards:
Double Jump
Glide
Blink
Lift
Card: Double Jump , Points: 0
Bend momentum to jump again in midair.
Leap to even greater heights, or make a quick adjustment
while airborne to disorient your foes.
Card: Glide , Points: 0
Break the bonds of gravity and convert your jump into a long, smooth glide. Cross dangerous terrain
and float from perch to perch to keep the high ground.
Card: Blink , Points: 0
Rip a hole in space and leap from point to point. Master the Blink, and you will be a fearsome killer a
spectral force, hard to evade and impossible to pin down.
Card: Lift , Points: 0
Leap into a powered jump. The long, slow arc makes you a target, but used carefully, it's a superb
way to break contact, gain control of the high ground, or set up devastating ambushes.
Collection: Super Abilities
Cards:
Fist of Havoc
Ward of Dawn
Golden Gun
Arc Blade
Nova Bomb
Radiance
Card: Fist of Havoc , Points: 0
Leap forward and smash the ground, obliterating everything nearby. You will be a thunderbolt but
use your fury carefully. If there are survivors, you will surely draw their wrath.
Card: Ward of Dawn , Points: 0
Open a pocket in the universe, an impregnable fortress for you and your allies. The mighty Ward
allows Guardians to hold key points and gather their strength in the face of overwhelming opposition.
Card: Golden Gun , Points: 0
Draw a hand cannon burning with Solar Light and loaded with three rounds of sunfire. Aim steady and
keep your wits about you. You are a Gunslinger, and this is what you live for.
Card: Arc Blade , Points: 0
Set aside your weapons and lose yourself in the blade trance. Arc Light galvanizes your armor and
hastens your movements, and when your knife finds a target it discharges a snap of annihilating
current. For as long as the trance lasts, you are the very shadow of death.
Card: Nova Bomb , Points: 0
Channel the Traveler's Light into a bolt of energy with the power of a collapsing star. The devastating
Nova Bomb scours the battlefield with ethereal fire but
be careful in its use. It takes precious
moments to summon, and it must be aimed precisely to avoid obstacles.
Card: Radiance , Points: 0
Open yourself to the Light. Glimpse, for a few rapturous moments, the truth beyond the powers you
wield.
A Warlock in a state of Radiance threatens to slip beyond the bonds of the material, shrugging off
physical harm, channeling a torrent of abilities. Some may learn to elevate nearby Guardians, gifting
them with power. Others, entranced by the Ghosts' power to reach beyond death, may learn to pluck
themselves out of nothingness like the phoenix of ancient myth.
