Theme: Inventory
Theme: Inventory
Collections:
Primary Weapons
Special Weapons
Heavy Weapons
Damage Types
Guardian Vehicles
Economy
Collection: Primary Weapons
Cards:
Auto Rifles
SUROS Regime
Hard Light
Monte Carlo
Scout Rifles
MIDA MultiTool
The Fate of all Fools
Pulse Rifles
Bad Juju
Red Death
Hand Cannons
Hawkmoon
The Last Word
Ghost Fragment: The Last Word
Ghost Fragment: The Last Word 2
Thorn
Ghost Fragment: Thorn
Ghost Fragment: Thorn 2
Card: Auto Rifles , Points: 5
Allpurpose
weapons of war, the standard Auto Rifle is ideal for a number of combat scenarios.
Stability is key to controlling fully automatic weapons.
Card: SUROS Regime , Points: 0
Nostalgia as a weapon of war. Style as a hallmark of victory.
Suros engineers designed the Regime using recovered Golden Age schematics. Forced out of
production by a crippling shortage of smartmatter, the few remaining models are cherished by those
Guardians fortunate enough to wield them.
Card: Hard Light , Points: 0
Ionized polymer synballistic attack platform. The system's lethality is dynamically robust
across tactical spaces.
As the City's understanding of Golden Age methods expands, foundries continue to push the cutting
edge of tactical armament. The Hard Light prototype is a showcase, built with the rarest recovered
materials and the most computationally demanding design methods. The design team included
several specialist Exos and at least one Warlock thanatonaut.
In its current iteration, the Hard Light design fires a superheated polymer round with exotic
capabilities.
Card: Monte Carlo , Points: 0
There will always be paths to tread and methods to try. Roll with it.
Originally designed as a showpiece, the Monte Carlo's sleek demeanor and intricate firing system
make it more than a fashion statement. In the right hands, this beauty puts all the risk at the wrong
end of its bayonet.
Card: Scout Rifles , Points: 5
The preferred weapon of seasoned marksmen, the Scout Rifle is a singleshot
precision firearm.
Favoring accuracy above all else, the Scout Rifle packs increased stopping power to counter its low
rate of fire.
Card: MIDA MultiTool
, Points: 0
Select application: Ballistic engagement. Entrenching tool. Avionics trawl. Troll smasher.
Stellar sextant. List continues.
Few weapons are balanced this precisely. Once you get a feel for the MultiTool
it will sit weightlessly
in your hand. Firing it will feel less like an action and more like an extension of your will.
Card: The Fate of all Fools , Points: 0
The wise man knows his fate. The fool merely finds it.
The weapon gathers data on the target from the impact and spall of solid body shots, setting up a
devastating final hit.
Card: Pulse Rifles , Points: 5
The Pulse Rifle is designed for precision fire and tight shot grouping. Threeround
bursts provide
added punch with reduced recoil compared to fully automatic weapons. Skilled shooters often walk
the burst from the target's center of mass onto the head.
Card: Bad Juju , Points: 0
"If you believe your weapon wants to murder all existence, then so it will."
There must be a structured, mechanical explanation for this weapon's hunger for combat. There must
be. But none has been found.
Card: Red Death , Points: 0
Vanguard policy urges Guardians to destroy this weapon on sight. It is a Guardian killer.
Only rumors tell of the mad Guardian who fashioned this butcher's tool. But its power is undeniable,
and fear is a formidable weapon.
Card: Hand Cannons , Points: 5
Sturdy and reliable, Hand Cannons have long been a preferred tool for selfdefense.
Their low rate of
fire and modest accuracy is more than made up for by their ease of handling and superior stopping
power.
Card: Hawkmoon , Points: 0
Stalk thy prey and let loose thy talons upon the Darkness.
The Hawkmoon is a true gunslinger's weapon a
smooth sidearm that makes every bullet
count...some more than others.
Card: The Last Word , Points: 0
"Yours...not mine."
The Last Word is a romantic weapon, a throwback to simpler times when steady aim and large
rounds were enough to dispense justice in the wilds of a lawless frontier. Of course, some might say
that time has come again.
Card: Ghost Fragment: The Last Word , Points: 5
I'm writing this from memory some
mine, but not all. The facts won't sync with the reality, but they'll
be close, and there's no one to say otherwise, so for all intents and purposes, this will be the history
of a settlement we called Palamon and the horrors that followed an all too brief peace.
I remember home, and stories of a paradise we'd all get to see some day of
a City, "shining even in
the night." Palamon didn't shine, but it was sanctuary, of a sort.
We'd settled in the heart of a range that stretched the horizon. Wooded mountains that shot with
purpose toward the sky. Winters were harsh, but the trees and peaks hid us from the world. We
talked about moving on, sometimes, striking out for the City. But it was just a longing.
Drifters came and went. On occasion they would stay, but rarely.
We had no real government, but there was rule of law. Basic tenets agreed upon by all and eventually
overseen by Magistrate Loken.
And there you have it...no government, until there was. I was young, so I barely understood. I
remember Loken as a hardworking man who just became broken. Mostly I think he was sad. Sad and
frightened. As his fingers tightened on Palamon, people left. Those who stayed saw our days became
grey. Loken's protection from
the Fallen, from ourselves became
dictatorial.
Looking back, I think maybe Loken had just lost too much of
himself, his family. But everyone lost
something. And some of us had nothing to begin with. My only memory of my parents is a haze, like a
daydream, and a small light, like the spark of their souls. It's not anything I dwell on. They left me
early, taken by Dregs.
Palamon raised me from there. The family I call my own called
my own cared
for me as if I was
their natural born son. And life was good. Being the only life I knew, my judgment is skewed, and it
wasn't easy pocked
by loss as it was but
I would call it good.
Until, of course, it wasn't.
Until two men entered my world. One a light. The other the darkest shadow I would ever know.
Card: Ghost Fragment: The Last Word 2 , Points: 5
The man I would come to know as Jaren Ward, my third father and quite possibly my closest friend,
came to Palamon from the south.
I was just a boy, but I'll never forget his silhouette on the empty trail as he made his slow walk into
town.
I'd never seen anything like him. Maybe none of us had. He'd said he was only passing through, and I
believed him still
do, but life can get in the way of intent, and often does.
I can picture that day with near perfect clarity. Of all the details though every
nuance, every moment
the
memory that sticks in my mind is the iron on Jaren's hip. A cannon that looked both pristine and
lived in. Like a relic of every battle he'd ever fought, hung low at his waste a
trophy and a warning.
This man was dangerous, but there was a light about him a
pureness to his weight that
seemed to
hint that his ire was something earned, not carelessly given.
I'd been the first to see him as he approached, but soon most of Palamon had turned out to greet him.
My father held me back as everyone stood in silence.
Jaren didn't make a sound behind his sleek racer's helmet. He looked just like the heroes in the
stories, and to this day I'm not sure one way or the other if the silence between the town's people and
the adventurer was born of fear or respect. I like to think the latter, but any truth I try to place on the
moment would be of my own making.
As we waited for Magistrate Loken to arrive and make an official greeting, my patience got the best of
me. I shook free of my father's heavy hand and made the short sprint across the court, stopping a few
paces from where this new curiosity stood a
man unlike any other.
I stared up at him and he lowered his attention to me, his eyes hidden behind the thick tinted visor of
his headgear. My sight quickly fell to his sidearm. I was transfixed by it. I imagined all the places that
weapon had been. All of the wonders it had seen. The horrors it had endured. My imagination darted
from one heroic act to the next.
I barely registered when he began to kneel, holding out the iron as if an offering. But my eyes locked
onto the piece, mesmerized.
I recall turning back to my father and seeing the looks on the faces of everyone I knew. There was
worry there my
father slowly shaking his head as if pleading with me to ignore the gift.
I turned back to the man I would come to know as Jaren Ward, the finest Hunter this system may ever
know and one of the greatest Guardians to ever defend the Traveler's Light...
And I took the weapon in my hand. Carefully. Gently.
Not to use. But to observe. To imagine. To feel its weight and know its truth.
That was the first time I held "Last Word," but, unfortunately, not the last.
Card: Thorn , Points: 0
"To rend one's enemies is to see them not as equals, but objects hollow
of spirit and
meaning."
Augmented through dark practices, Thorn was once a hero's weapon. Its jagged frame hints at a
sinister truth: a powerful connection to the unutterable sorceries of the Hive.
The legend of Thorn is bound to the rise and fall of Dredgen Yor, a Guardian whose name is
remembered with disgust and shame. The weapon was thought destroyed...but rumors of its
existence still haunt the wilds.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Thorn , Points: 5
The Rose
The noble man stood. And the people looked to him. For he was a beacon hope
given form, yet still
only a man. And within that truth there was great promise. If one man could stand against the night,
then so too could anyone everyone.
In his strong hand the man held a Rose. And his aura burned bright.
When the man journeyed on, the people remembered. In his wake hope spread. But the man had a
secret fear. His thoughts were dark. A sadness crept from the depths of his being. He had been a
hero for so long, but pride had led him down sorrow's road.
Slowly the shadows' whisper became a voice, a dark call, offering glories enough to make even the
brightest Light wander. He knew he was fading, yet he still yearned.
On his last day he sat and watched the sun fall. His final thoughts, pure of mind, if not body, held to a
fleeting hope though
they would suffer for the man he would become, the people would remember
him as he had been.
And so the noble man hid himself beneath a darkness no flesh should touch, and gave up his mortal
self to claim a new birthright. Whether this was choice, or destiny, is a truth known only to fate.
In that cool evening air, as dusk was devoured by night, the noble man ceased to exist. In his place
another stood.
Same meat. Same bone. But so very different.
The first and only of his family. The sole forbearer and last descendent of the name Yor.
In his first moments as a new being, he looked down at his Rose and realized for the first time that it
held no petals: only the jagged purpose of angry thorns.
Card: Ghost Fragment: Thorn 2 , Points: 5
The Bloom
TYPE: Transcript.
DESCRIPTION: Conversation.
PARTIES: Four [4]. Three [3] unidentified [u.1, u.2, u.3], One [1] unconfirmed.
ASSOCIATIONS: BreaklandsÍ¾ DurgaÍ¾ Last WordÍ¾ Malphur, ShinÍ¾ North ChannelÍ¾ PalamonÍ¾ ThornÍ¾
VelorÍ¾ Ward, JarenÍ¾ WoSÍ¾ Yor, DredgenÍ¾
//AUDIO UNAVAILABLE//
//TRANSCRIPT FOLLOWS.../
[u.1:0.1] Can I see what you got there?
[silence]
[u.1:0.2] Yer cannon...can I see it?
[beat]
[u.2:0.1] I know you?
[beat]
[u.1:0.3] Not that I can say.
[u.2:0.2] And you wanna hold my piece?
[beat]
[u.1:0.4] Just that I never...seen one like it.
[beat]
[u.2:0.3] No, you haven't.
[u.1:0.5] Looks dangerous.
[u.2:0.4] Seems, maybe, that's the point.
[u.1:0.6] Suppose so.
[u.1:0.7] Can I see it?
[u.2:0.5] Not likely.
[silence]
[u.1:0.8] Where'd...where'd you find it?
[silence]
[u.1:0.9] You hearin' me?
[silence]
[u.3:0.1] He asked you question.
[silence]
[u.2:0.6] Didn't find it. Made it.
[u.1:1.0] Heh. Helluva touch you got then. You a 'smith?
[u.2:0.7] I look like a 'smith?
[u.1:1.1] Looks can be deceiving.
[u.2:0.8] Got that right.
[u.1:1.2] There a problem?
[u.2:0.9] Doesn't need to be.
[u.1:1.3] Glad we got that cleared up...Now, about that piece.
[silence]
[u.2:1.0] Been to Luna?
[u.1:1.4] Excuse me?
[u.2:1.1] The Moon. You been?
[u.1:1.5] Nobody's been.
[u.2:1.2] That a truth?
[u.1:1.6] That's a fact.
[u.2:1.3] Funny you'd make that distinction.
[u.1:1.7] Truth is you must think you're some kinda something special. With that attitude. The way
you're just dismissin' us like you we're nothing...like we ain't even here.
[u.1:1.8] Fact is...You ain't near as rock solid as you figure. Fact is, special's only special 'til it's not.
[silence]
[u.2:1.4] The bones say otherwise.
[u.1:1.9] Speak straight.
[u.2:1.5] You say "nobody." Bones say otherwise.
[u.1:2.0] What bones?
[u.2:1.6] All of them.
[u.1:2.1] What're you gettin' at?
[u.2:1.7] Too many to count.
[u.1:2.2] You trying to get a rile outta us? Was only making conversation.
[u.2:1.8] You really weren't.
[u.4:0.1] We got a smart one here.
[u.2:1.9] Experienced more than smart. But experience has its advantages.
[u.1:2.3] Experience tell you to lip off to strangers just tryin' to make talk?
[u.2:2.0] Keep insisting and maybe we will.
[u.1:2.4] Talk?
[u.2:2.1] Have words.
[u.1:2.5] Ain't that what we're doin'?
[u.2:2.2] My conversations tend to be a bit louder.
[silence]
[u.1:2.6] That a threat.
[u.2:2.3] A truth.
[u.1:2.7] Who the hell you think you are?
[u.2:2.4] According to your facts, "nobody." Yet, here I sit.
[u.1:2.8] Don't matter much how pretty yer cannon is. You keep it up, we'll see just how loud you like
to get.
[silence]
[u.1:2.9] You done talkin' now? Guess he knows his place, boys.
[u.2:2.5] Ever have a nightmare?
[u.1:3.0] You playin' games? Or just thick?
[u.2:2.6] I know you have. This world? Can't help, but.
[u.1:3.1] I don't have nightmares. I give 'em.
[u.2:2.7] You are a goddamn cliché. The picture perfect bandit.
[u.2:2.8] Hearing your voice the
things you're saying, the shade of the hard man you pretend to be...
[u.1:3.2] Ain't no shade.
[audible crack]
[audible crack]
[audible crack]
[silence]
[u.2:2.8] Sit down.
[silence]
[u.2:3.0] Sit. Down.
[u.2:3.1] Your mouth just got your friends dead.
[u.2:3.2] This is what happens when you bore me. And right now...
[u.2:3.3] I'm so very bored.
[u.1:3.3] Wha...No listen...
[u.2:3.4] Shhhhh.
[u.1:3.4] But...but...you're a...you're one of them...A Guardian, right?
[u.1:3.5] You're supposed t'be one'a the good ones.
[u.2:3.5] "Supposed to be?" Maybe I am. Maybe this is what "good" looks like.
[u.2:3.6] Anymore, who can tell?
[u.1:3.6] I...
[u.2:3.7] You wanted to see my prize.
[u.1:3.7] No...I...
[u.2:3.8] Look at it.
[u.1:3.8] I...
[audible sobbing]
[u.2:3.9] Whimpering won't stop what comes next.
[u.2:4.0] Look...
[audible sobbing]
[u.2:4.1] Look at it.
[u.2:4.2] Open your eyes.
[audible sobbing]
[u.2:4.3] Not many get such a clean view.
[u.2:4.4] The bone...You see it. Jagged, like thorns.
[u.2:4.5] I used to think of it as a rose...
[u.2:4.6] Focusing on its bloom.
[u.2:4.7] But the bloom is just a byproduct of its anger.
[silence]
[u.2:4.8] You have nightmares?
[audible sobbing]
[u.2:4.9] Ever seen a nightmare? Ever opened your eyes and realized the horror wasn't a dream? The
terror wasn't gone?
[u.2:5.0] I've seen nightmares.
[u.2:5.1] They live in the shadows.
[u.2:5.2] They've been watching.
[u.2:5.3] I thought...It's foolish, I know...but I thought I saw a way.
[u.2:5.4] That maybe we could win. Maybe we could survive.
[u.2:5.5] But once you step into those shadows, it's so very hard to walk in the Light.
[u.2:5.6] Or...maybe I just wasn't strong enough.
[u.2:5.7] Maybe.
[u.2:5.8] But I feel strong now.
[audible sobbing]
[u.2:5.9] I stole the dark.
[u.2:6.0] Or, maybe it stole me.
[u.2:6.1] Either way, here we are.
[u.2:6.2] And I'm hungry.
[u.2:6.3] Its hungry.
[u.2:6.4] You have no Light beyond the spark of your pathetic life.
[u.2:6.5] But a spark is something.
[audible sobbing]
[u.2:6.6] Open your eyes.
[audible sobbing]
[audible sobbing]
[audible crack]
[silence]
[silence]
[silence]
/...END TRANSCRIPT///
Collection: Special Weapons
Cards:
Shotguns
Universal Remote
Invective
Fusion Rifles
Pocket Infinity
Plan C
Vex Mythoclast
Sniper Rifles
Patience and Time
Ice Breaker
Card: Shotguns , Points: 5
There are few weapons that offer the comfort and familiarity of a shotgun. Built for close quarters
combat, they provide immediate, violent conflict resolution.
Card: Universal Remote , Points: 0
To the untrained eye this beast is a junker. To the trained eye, however, this junker...is a beast.
It took great care, and an incredible feat of finetuning,
to craft a weapon that packs a closequarters
punch, yet has the range of a precision rifle. Universal Remote is that weapon.
Card: Invective , Points: 0
"I tried to talk them down. They made a grab for my Ghost. After that it was a short
conversation."
Invective was Ikora Rey's weapon of choice during her younger, more rebellious days. An ideal
fallback for situations that can't be solved by wit, quick talk, or pure intimidation, this modified shotgun
uses a selfreplicating
magazine to keep its owner wellstocked
for any and all trouble that waits
beyond the City.
Card: Fusion Rifles , Points: 5
Advancements in directed energy disbursement, gained through the discovery of Golden Age
research, led to the creation of stable, fieldready
energybased
weaponry. The first implementation of
this technology comes in the form of the Fusion Rifle. Users must hold the trigger down for a few
moments to charge the weapon before firing.
Card: Pocket Infinity , Points: 0
You cannot shake the feeling that this is less a weapon than a doorway.
Fireteam Tuyet died in the Ishtar Sink, hunting the secrets of the Vex. They must have come too
close to something precious, for the Vex descended on them with their typical inscrutable, thorough
violence.
But their sacrifice was not in vain. The data they gathered helped forge the Pocket Infinity. Properly
modified, the weapon should be capable of devastating output on just a single charge cycle.
The Infinity's mechanisms have proven difficult, if not impossible, to replicate en masse. It is
conceivable that the weapon draws its energy from the Vex networks...an ominous possibility. So be
wary with it.
Card: Plan C , Points: 0
Good fighters have contingency plans. Great fighters don't need them.
Sharp reflexes keep you alive on the frontier but
no matter how fast you are, a fusion rifle can only
charge so quickly. Enter the Plan C. When you draw the weapon, fastrise
capacitors and a smart
induction system prime for firing. The 'ready fire' state only lasts a few moments but
in a gunfight,
those moments matter.
Card: Vex Mythoclast , Points: 0
...a causal loop within the weapon's mechanism, suggesting that the firing process somehow
binds space and time into...
Some legends live forever. Others are overwritten reshaped
by the sheer will of those who believe
that any ordeal can be conquered, any foe vanquished, any god cast down.
The Mythoclast is a Vex instrument from some farflung
corner of time and space, mysteriously fit for
human hands. Its origins, mechanism of action, and ultimate purpose remain unknown. Perhaps it will
reveal itself to you, in time...
Card: Sniper Rifles , Points: 5
The dangers present beyond the City's walls cannot always be met headon.
The accuracy and power
of the Sniper Rifle offers the best option for precise ranged attacks. Caliber and make differ, but a
good sniper can always remove key threats.
Card: Patience and Time , Points: 0
If you've got it, they'll never see it coming.
Patience and Time is an assassin's dream. Enhanced sensor integration allows for target tracking
while aiming down the sight, and those who work with the weapon and explore its deeper capabilities
will find lightbending
camouflage systems ready to interface with a Guardian's armor micromaterials.
Card: Ice Breaker , Points: 0
Please replace these components if use causes fatal damage: HEAT SINK. MAGAZINE.
OPERATOR
The Ice Breaker series was a clandestine project developed by the Vanguard in conjunction with
various City weapons foundries. Meant as an exploration of Golden Age weapon technology, the
project was scrapped after only a single weapon reached the testing phase.
The prototypes for the project's lone weapon are considered dangerous and unfit for field duty by the
Vanguard. This hasn't stopped daring Guardians from seeking out the Ice Breakers death,
after all,
is an occupational hazard.
Collection: Heavy Weapons
Cards:
Rocket Launchers
Gjallarhorn
Truth
Machine Guns
Thunderlord
Super Good Advice
Card: Rocket Launchers , Points: 5
Rocket Launchers have a limited, devastating payload that provides an excellent countermeasure to
heavilyarmored
ground forces and combat vehicles. There is no better battlefield equalizer. Skilled
users often aim for the ground beneath nimble targets.
Card: Gjallarhorn , Points: 0
"If there is beauty in destruction, why not also in its delivery?"
The Gjallarhorn shouldermounted
rocket system was forged from the armor of Guardians who fell at
the Twilight Gap. Gifted to the survivors of that terrible battle, the Gjallarhorn is seen as a symbol of
honor and survival.
Card: Truth , Points: 0
"...is where you seek it."
Truth is a cuttingedge
rocket launcher developed by Crux/Lomar. Smart warheads calculate and
understand the user's intent upon firing.
There may have been a time when warfare in the solar system was dominated by lightningquick
AI
weapons and swarms of autonomous munitions. If so, that time is past. The Traveler's Light has given
rise to an age of heroes with undreamt power. But there is still a place for cleverly designed machines
and
as the City's foundries reclaim the technical prowess of the Golden Age, our machines will
become cleverer still.
Card: Machine Guns , Points: 5
The Machine Gun is an unapologetic weapon of war. Its ability to carry and process large quantities of
highcaliber
ammunition allows for sustained, focused attacks, making them ideal for the suppression
and/or annihilation of hostile forces.
Card: Thunderlord , Points: 0
"They rest quiet on fields afar...for this is no ending, but the eye."
Customized with an experimental induction core, the Thunderlord is a heavy machine gun built for the
delivery of sustained punishment.
The weapon's history and mechanism are both shrouded in ritualistic awe. Each round fired is another
word in the legend and
the Guardians who bear the Thunderlord will be immortalized in song.
Card: Super Good Advice , Points: 0
This weapon is full of it.
This machine gun's incredible mechanism hints at the wonders of Golden Age technology. Smart
rounds report their trajectories to the weapon, and a microtransmat
protocol recalls missed shots
directly to the magazine.
Engineers decry the idea that all smart systems spontaneously develop personalities and
awareness...but it seems undeniable that Super Good Advice manifests personality, memory, and a
certain sass. The truth may lie in the weapon's connection to the legendary Hunter Pahanin, who
witnessed the fall of Kabr and became terrified of traveling alone.
Collection: Damage Types
Cards:
Arc
Solar
Void
Card: Arc , Points: 0
"A spark can give life...or take it."
The universe is defined by fundamental forces. Complex matter is bound together by deep forces and
in the study of this binding lies the secret of Arc Light.
Card: Solar , Points: 0
"Sometimes the only answer is to burn it all away."
The universe is defined by fundamental forces. Energy is carried by quanta, tiny messengers of
change. In the understanding of these messengers lies the secret of Solar Light.
Card: Void , Points: 0
"It's fitting, then, that we have weaponized the unknown."
The universe is defined by fundamental forces. Beneath the world of light and matter lies the vacuum,
and the vast dark secrets that it contains. In the understanding of this vacuum lies the secret of Void
Light.
Collection: Guardian Vehicles
Cards:
Guardian Ships
Sparrow
Card: Guardian Ships , Points: 5
"It is not enough to defend the City. We must reclaim the stars."
A rare and precious commodity, the jumpships utilized by Guardians are cobbled together from the
salvaged wreckage of interplanetary ships built long ago. Only in recent years have the Tower's
shipwrights begun working to build new hulls from the keel up. The City's factions are also keen to
develop flight capability, whether through salvage or their own shipbuilding projects.
Today, it falls upon each individual Guardian to find and maintain their own craft. Those skilled
enough to acquire a ship with offworld
capabilities join the front line in the long war to retake what is
ours.
Card: Sparrow , Points: 10
"The shortest distance between two points is full throttle."
The Sparrow is a singlepassenger,
allterrain
thrust bike with one purpose: moving from objective to
objective with unmatched speed.
Quick, quiet, and simple to transmat, Sparrows enjoy surpassing popularity among Guardians
working in the field.
Collection: Economy
Cards:
Glimmer
Vanguard Marks
Crucible Marks
Motes of Light
Strange Coins
Upgrade Materials
Card: Glimmer , Points: 0
Card: Glimmer , Points: 0
The programmable matter called 'Glimmer' serves as one of the City's basic currencies. With the right
inputs and an energy source, Glimmer can be transmuted into nearly anything. This makes it precious
to the City's industries and artisans. That value, in turn, makes Glimmer a useful means of exchange especially
with those who venture beyond the City's walls.
Glimmer passes through an economic life cycle. New Glimmer comes from reclaimed Golden Age
caches and technology whether
a tiny mechanism or an underground lode seeded by ancient
machines. This expansion of the Glimmer supply drives down the value of Glimmer. But Glimmer is
also constantly used by the City's industry, which converts it into necessary components and
materials. This sink helps keep Glimmer scarce, and therefore valuable.
Between this inflow and outflow lies the pool of liquidity Glimmer
used as trade currency. Master
Rahool in the Tower, for example, sells recovered matter engrams in exchange for Glimmer, since he
knows he can use Glimmer to acquire new engrams and keep them flowing to Guardians.
Newborn Guardians often complain that they should be issued highquality
gear for free are
they
not, after all, fighting for the future of the City? Unfortunately, this gear requires resources to
manufacture. Guardians must bring in enough Glimmer and other staples, like spinmetal and relic
iron, to keep the engine of the City's economy turning. If good times lead to a resource boom, that
surplus may help massproduce
advanced gear.
Card: Vanguard Marks , Points: 10
When a terrible threat rises, Guardians look to the Vanguard, the closest thing they have to a
command structure. These elite veterans coordinate the reports of roaming Hunters, the analyses of
cloistered Warlocks, and the instincts of grizzled Titans into a single plan of action. And when
Guardians fight as part of that plan, the Vanguard rewards them.
Vanguard Marks are tokens of favor that earn a trusted Guardian access to the Tower's armories.
Listen carefully to the rumblings of Lord Shaxx, and you might come to believe that this system was
meant to keep vital warfighting supplies from being wasted in the Crucible. Talk to Commander
Zavala, and he will reassure you that the Vanguard Mark system exists for one reason: to get the best
equipment into the hands of those who get the best results.
Guardians eager to win Vanguard Marks would do well to participate in Strike missions organized by
the Vanguard.
Card: Crucible Marks , Points: 10
The Crucible is a program of relentless livefire
training, hardening Guardians for battles to come.
Competition thrives on risk and reward, so Lord Shaxx has seen fit to dispense Crucible Marks to
those who excel.
Guardians with a name in the Crucible can spend these Marks on elite gear. Shaxx considers it fitting
that the best should earn the best. The City's factions, fond of using the Crucible as an arena to
advance their own interests, will also accept Crucible marks in exchange for their equipment.
Guardians eager to win Crucible Marks should fight in the Crucible, with particular attention to those
challenges Lord Shaxx deems important.
Card: Motes of Light , Points: 15
The Speaker has no interest in Glimmer, Marks, or the other currencies of the Tower's military
functions. But he happily accepts these Motes, points of Light willed into being by an exercise of a
mighty Guardian's power.
Some say they will one day become the souls of new Ghosts. Others believe they feed the intricate
machinery that the Speaker tends. Whatever the case, the Speaker will happily reward donors with
patterns and signs from his collection more
out of gratitude than any mercantile impulse.
Card: Strange Coins , Points: 15
Each coin rings with a faint, sharp hush as
if it has touched the sounds around it with the edge of
silence.
These could buy incredible things, in the right hands. Whispers say the faceless creature who
sometimes comes to the Tower covets them above all else.
Card: Upgrade Materials , Points: 0
As Guardians buy or salvage new equipment, they learn to tinker and improve. This work requires
Glimmer and other material.
Some can be recycled from unneeded gear. Titans favor plasteel, which can be found by
disassembling old equipment. Hunters unspool discarded armor into sapphire wire. Warlocks extract
hadronic essence from dismantled fieldweave robes. And any Guardian with a sense for weaponry
can disassemble old ordnance into weapon parts.
Other materials need to be scavenged on site, generally in the course of Patrols. The Cosmodrome in
Old Russia is rich with spinmetal, a fantastically light and strong composite created by rogue colonies
of Golden Age machinery that escaped storage. Solar coil systems on the Moon still generate helium
filaments. The baffling, possibly Vexinfluenced
flora of Venus grow spirit blooms. And the surface of
Mars offers deposits of ultradense
relic iron.
The most powerful Guardian equipment transcends ordinary science, entering the realm of Golden
Age secrets and the Traveler's power itself. This wargear demands Ascendant Energy and Ascendant
Shards burning
fragments of the universal fundament, earned through mighty acts of heroism.
Look for them in daily Story challenges and Raids.
