 Talion's Blades
 3rd Day, Cermie(two dots). T.A. 2940
 I've met a mysterious man in my travels- a Ranger of Gondor - named Talion. Over our fire I asked after his weapons, impressive in their craftsmanship. 
 
 A handsome blade, Urfael has been at his side since his days stationed at the Black Gate, defending the borders of Gondor.
 
 But his dagger, Acharn, carries a sad tale: it too was once a might sword, carried by his murdered son, broken the night he died. Talion tells me "Acharn" means "vengeance", and I have a feeling the blade will fulfill the meaning of its name.
 
 Talion wraps the scabbard of his sword in a cloth ribbon from his slain wife Ioreth. A tender keepsake for a grim man.
 
 
 
    Mount Doom
	14th Day, Yavannie(e, two dots). T.A. 2940
	You would think the sight of a lone peak in the countryside would bring cheer to a Dwarf's heart, but alas this is not so here.
	
	Orodruin, the mountain of fire. This volcano stands alone on the plateau of Gorgoroth, but the whole of Mordor seems to dwell in its shadow. It's said Sauron chose this land for his domain because of that mountain, and I hope it suits him.
	
	Even dormant, anyone unlucky enough to travel these lands have that hill to thank for choking this acrid air, filling our lungs with ash and our hearts with dread.
	
	
	
	
    Dwarven Whetstone
	1st Day, Narquelie(dots). T.A. 2940
	"It's the keen edge what cuts the mountain", they say. But after days of hacking through Uruk heavy plate and Caragor hide, these blades aren't going to sharpen themselves!
	
	Our weapons are extensions of ourselves and demand respect. A well-honed blade sharpened with a genuine Dwarven whetstone can make the difference between being a hunter... or the prey.
	
	My brother Gorvin once took a swing at a Caragor and his axe landed with a thud instead of a slide. He lived to tell the tale, and has been sharpening his blade every night since then.
	
	
    Elven Hammer
	9th Day, Ringare(dots). T.A. 2940
	
	In my travels I've amassed a worthy collection of treasure and trophies- head and hides from all manner of foul beast, and even some lovely trinkets from the Second Age.
	
	But the whispered tales of one artifact continue to elude me: the legendary forge hammer used by the Elves to craft the Rings of Power themselves!
	
	The hammers I've found so far in my hunt have brought me no closer to finding the one I seek. Perhaps the spirit of the Elves do not want to see their precious artifact in the hands of a Dwarf!
	
	Is this the faled smithing hammer of Celebrimbor the Elf? It must lie here in the Land of Shadow.
	
	
	
    Beasts of The Land : Caragor
	13th Day, Su(comma)lime(dots). T.A. 2941
	If it's worthy game and a respectable trophy you're after, the Caragor roam Mordor in ferocious packs.
	
	Quick on their feet and strong to boot, be wary - their claws are sharper than steel, and I've seen them crush rock-hard Orc skulls like an egg in their jaws. Even Wargs and Lions give them wide berth.
	
	One look at these beasts and you'll know why the Pointy Ears have named them Bringers of Fear.
	
	On the hunt four legs can be better than two. The light of the Arkenstone will burn out before the Horselords of Rohan would ever part with their precious steeds, but with good timing (and a rat steak in your pack), you might just be able to mount one of these dire beasts. Just be mindful not to sit on the pointy bits.
	
	
    The Statue Of Gorthaur
	28th Day, Hisime(dots). T.A. 2940
	The solitary pass between the valley of Udu(arrow)n to the north and the plateau of Gogorth to the south is guarded by the dread graven image of Sauron himself, with the great kings of Men held subjugated in chains.
	
	The rock and steel of this visage inspires no deference in me for the craftsmanship or stonework, and by my beard I am thankful this is the closest I'll ever come to seeing the Dark Lord. The shadows grow long this evening. I will write no more...
	
	
    Uruk Captains
	17th Day, Ne(apostrophe)nime(dots). T.A. 2941
	
	Among the Orcs of Mordor, their greatest are the fighting Uruk-hai, and among them, their viscous Captains reign over the tribes and armies with iron-clad fists.
	
	I've dodged more than one pack of foul Uruks on my hunt in these dire lands, and have stolen glimpses of the rite of ascension among these foul folk: only the strongest and most devious lead, slaughtering their own kind until none stand to oppose them.
	
	Brutal. Savage. Dangerous. And they don't smell very sweet, either.
	
	
    The Black Captains
	20th Day, Viresse(dots). T.A. 2941
	
	Mordor is in no short supply of terrible tales, and few more dreadful than the Black Captains of Sauron.
	
	I have never laid eyes upon them myself, but their descriptions to me are the stuff of nightmares: a man trapped in perpetual agony in armor that does not grow with him. Another cursed for picking up the mace of Sauron after battle. And the mightiest among them, the Black Hand, is not spoken of in passing in these lands.
	
	May my beard grow ever longer ere I cross paths with these villains. I'll stick to hunting fairer game.
	
    Beasts of The Land : Horned Graug
	22nd Day, Narvinye(dots). T.A. 2941
	Few things in Mordor cause even the Uruks and Trolls to quake in fear, and one such beast is the rare Horned Graug. Standing nearly five Dwarves tall, they are nigh-unstoppable juggernauts of wanton destruction.
	
	Their very skin is tougher than leader, resistant to even the sharpest steel, if you can even get close enough to strike a blow. What I would give for a Mithril blade on my next hunt for these dire montrosities. 
	
	
    Beasts of The Land : Great Beast 
	
	20th Day, Urime(two dots). T.A. 2940
	Slow-moving but nigh unstoppable, these Great Beasts appear to be distant cousins of the six-tusked Mu(arrow)makil.
	
	Even a great hunter like myself has never brought one of these beasts down as a trophy, but they are not difficult to track: the very earth shakes under their feet.
	
	It's wise to keep on your toes when you're around them so you don't end up under theirs! I've seen them rampage and crush Orc, Troll and Man alike into jelly.